
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.841548                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1841548033500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1841548033500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 218310                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   218310                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5702515722                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 375536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   322.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    70500110                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      70500110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           465600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20057408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           147136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2156416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           307456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2656704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25791680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       465600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       147136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       307456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          920192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7484672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7484672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            313397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             33694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             41511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                402995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              252831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10891602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               79898                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1170980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              166955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1442647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14005434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         252831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          79898                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         166955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             499684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4064337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4064337                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4064337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             252831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10891602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              79898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1170980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             166955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1442647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18069771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         82323                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        47461                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       82323                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      47461                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5267264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   3035584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5268672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                3037504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          17348                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                5047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                4902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               5044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                2927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                3293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               3325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1840536161000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   82323                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  47461                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     64278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     2109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     3843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     2960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     3003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     2164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        21805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      380.777253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     217.097266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     378.211296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7203     33.03%     33.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4880     22.38%     55.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2010      9.22%     64.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1038      4.76%     69.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          857      3.93%     73.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          538      2.47%     75.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          425      1.95%     77.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          372      1.71%     79.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4482     20.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          21805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          2075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        39.654458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      980.113813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           2073     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            2075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          2075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.858313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.353134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       24.870235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                34      1.64%      1.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 7      0.34%      1.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                2      0.10%      2.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               5      0.24%      2.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1736     83.66%     85.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              36      1.73%     87.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              80      3.86%     91.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              17      0.82%     92.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              12      0.58%     92.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              17      0.82%     93.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               5      0.24%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.05%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               1      0.05%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.10%     94.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               3      0.14%     94.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.05%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.19%     94.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               1      0.05%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               2      0.10%     94.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.05%     94.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               3      0.14%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               9      0.43%     95.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               4      0.19%     95.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            65      3.13%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             3      0.14%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             3      0.14%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.05%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             2      0.10%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.05%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             1      0.05%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             1      0.05%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             2      0.10%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             2      0.10%     99.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             2      0.10%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.05%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::220-223             3      0.14%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.05%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             4      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            2075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      914891250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2458035000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    411505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11116.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29866.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     37451                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     14181533.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   81194400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   44195250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 317686200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                151936560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89056992960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            35637705585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           799850646000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             925140356955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.881529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309035077000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45530160000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9110965500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   83651400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   45474000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 324261600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                155416320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89056992960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35441943930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           803933138250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             929040878460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.556246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309294919000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45530160000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8868165750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4775602                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      5966                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          109                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  428378                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3387346                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      667                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          80                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 163776                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8162948                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6633                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          189                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  592154                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2717036                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3019                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                          97                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2720055                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       930055234                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31475732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31475732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29412106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                162586                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     792411                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4104277                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29412106                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       162586                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           40967178                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          21562005                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               84110                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              85570                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8192042                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4796241                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3395801                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              907058327.289346                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              22996906.710654                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.024726                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.975274                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5151040                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1559860      4.95%      4.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 21040910     66.83%     71.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   31347      0.10%     71.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12827      0.04%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1598      0.01%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4926196     15.65%     87.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3398883     10.80%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                510933      1.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  31482554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6422                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211358                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74794     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1878      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105680     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182555                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73427     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1878      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73427     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148935                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1818800243000     98.76%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               38808500      0.00%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              357216000      0.02%     98.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22351032000      1.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1841547299500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694805                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815836                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175298     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6782      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5175      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192209                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1737                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2093                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1906                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1737                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.321851                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080745                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.390894                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29750547000      1.62%      1.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2575384000      0.14%      1.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1809221366500     98.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1393348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13255372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1393860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.509830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   177.816582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   164.221248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   169.959986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.347298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.320745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.331953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63362265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63362265                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3956098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1080024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2536463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7572585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3101293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       830391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1367001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5298685                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       113681                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19703                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51298                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184682                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       122268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199317                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7057391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1910415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3903464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12871270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7057391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1910415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3903464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12871270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       706776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        97332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       562527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1366635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       162364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        44132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       644654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       851150                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9134                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2235                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7668                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19037                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       869140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       141464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1207181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2217785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       869140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       141464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1207181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2217785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2268250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8231829500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10500079500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1752940000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19634310548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21387250548                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     29559000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    124972000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    154531000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       170500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       170500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4021190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27866140048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31887330048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4021190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27866140048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31887330048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4662874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1177356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3098990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8939220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3263657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       874523                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2011655                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6149835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122815                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        58966                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55250                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      7926531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2051879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5110645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15089055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      7926531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2051879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5110645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15089055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.181519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049749                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050464                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.320460                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.138402                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074372                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101878                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.130041                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000181                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.236209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.236209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23304.257593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14633.661140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7683.163025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39720.384302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30457.129791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25127.475237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13225.503356                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16297.861242                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8117.402952                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        17050                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        17050                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28425.535825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23083.646983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.007809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28425.535825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23083.646983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.007809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1019885                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1764                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            60259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.925024                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           98                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       292598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       292598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       548626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       548626                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1690                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       841224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       841224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       841224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       841224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        97332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       269929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       367261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        96028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       140160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2235                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5978                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8213                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       141464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       365957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       507421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       141464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       365957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       507421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3687                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6182                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2170918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4426676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6597594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1708808000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3106661815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4815469815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27324000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     74701500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102025500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       160500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       160500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3879726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7533337815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11413063815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3879726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7533337815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11413063815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    226454500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    334463500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    560918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    298425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    450956500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    749382000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    524880000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    785420000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1310300000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.082670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050464                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022791                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.101878                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.101380                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040315                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000181                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.071607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22304.257593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16399.408733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17964.319653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38720.384302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32351.624682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34356.947881                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12225.503356                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12496.068919                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12422.440034                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        16050                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        16050                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27425.535825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20585.308697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22492.296959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27425.535825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20585.308697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22492.296959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 204381.317690                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214537.203335                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210317.960255                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 215158.976208                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 211915.648496                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213195.448080                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 210372.745491                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 213024.138866                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211954.060175                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           965393                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.914113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           41264625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           965904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            42.721249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10188445500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   146.904249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   135.394605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   228.615259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.286922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.264443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.446514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         43213951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        43213951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     30975792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7803098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2485735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       41264625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     30975792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7803098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2485735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        41264625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     30975792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7803098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2485735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       41264625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       506762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       129019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       347436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       983217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       506762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       129019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       347436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        983217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       506762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       129019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       347436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       983217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1839982500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4838575988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6678558488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1839982500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4838575988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6678558488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1839982500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4838575988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6678558488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     31482554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7932117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2833171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42247842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     31482554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7932117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2833171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     42247842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     31482554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7932117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2833171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     42247842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14261.329727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13926.524563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6792.557989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14261.329727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13926.524563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6792.557989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14261.329727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13926.524563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6792.557989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.738095                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        17108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        17108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        17108                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17108                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       330328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       459347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       330328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       459347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       129019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       330328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       459347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1710963500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4315526491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6026489991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1710963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4315526491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6026489991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1710963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4315526491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6026489991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13261.329727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13064.367813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13119.689453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13261.329727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13064.367813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13119.689453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13261.329727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13064.367813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13119.689453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1196955                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1325                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           35                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  141268                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     896481                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      169                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          22                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  57742                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2093436                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1494                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           57                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  199010                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     858438                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      659                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          35                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 859097                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953273349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7930565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7930565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7389333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 45920                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     207460                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1022605                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7389333                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        45920                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           10362144                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5369975                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24736                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              25085                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2100568                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1201762                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    898806                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              922154358.750069                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              31118990.249931                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.032644                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.967356                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1296677                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               410840      5.18%      5.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5240708     66.07%     71.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8731      0.11%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5176      0.07%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    810      0.01%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1230901     15.52%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 900034     11.35%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                134916      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7932116                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               10402334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          9657881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           126933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             8330137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                6272162                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            75.294824                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 302639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7723                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3549115                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     12776                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          157                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  225358                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2157791                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2831                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         142                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  84650                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5706906                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     15607                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          299                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  310008                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     538598                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5991                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         159                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 544589                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        30759536                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9338114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      39735788                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   10402334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6574801                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     19282744                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 413720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                       277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       234903                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       108900                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          473                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2833173                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                93993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          29183655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.361577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.367035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                20063773     68.75%     68.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  307542      1.05%     69.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  477296      1.64%     71.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4654234     15.95%     87.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  859104      2.94%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  198525      0.68%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  235442      0.81%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  432653      1.48%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1955086      6.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            29183655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.338182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.291820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7672062                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             13049396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7739525                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               528158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                193789                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              177139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                13443                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36353966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                42512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                193789                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7950274                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4574250                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6325048                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  7961138                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2178432                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              35523870                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                60190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                394243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 57916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1115509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           23763436                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             44289897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        44229633                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56339                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             21842362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1921074                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            535035                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         63809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3839801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3528507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2250963                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           468940                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          330687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32977065                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             683079                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 32678030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            15337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2566331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1147551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        488786                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29183655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.119737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.624192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17436459     59.75%     59.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2753806      9.44%     69.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1377159      4.72%     73.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5375832     18.42%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1030141      3.53%     95.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             601956      2.06%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             392573      1.35%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             169204      0.58%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              46525      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       29183655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  85386     21.51%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     21.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                184726     46.54%     68.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               126802     31.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2456      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             26465043     80.99%     80.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21101      0.06%     81.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     81.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20515      0.06%     81.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1228      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3679518     11.26%     92.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2182790      6.68%     99.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            305379      0.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              32678030                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.062371                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     396914                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012146                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          94697637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         36112111                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     32047154                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             254329                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            120282                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       117366                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              32936079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 136409                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          206083                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       440040                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1257                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6058                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       180485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         5073                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       225988                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                193789                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                3993186                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               173385                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           35054322                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            55127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3528507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2250963                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            608084                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               119091                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          6058                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         64339                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       136180                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              200519                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             32475558                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3570784                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           202472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1394178                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5736169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 7344406                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2165385                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.055788                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      32207740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     32164520                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 18733989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 22461298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.045676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.834056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2690484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         194293                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           182480                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28713100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.125605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.869287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18196306     63.37%     63.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2254505      7.85%     71.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1188955      4.14%     75.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5110402     17.80%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       563606      1.96%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       199238      0.69%     95.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       165515      0.58%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       164290      0.57%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       870283      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28713100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            32319619                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              32319619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5158945                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3088467                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      68233                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   7171529                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    115750                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 30796114                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              241665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1228262      3.80%      3.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        25515212     78.95%     82.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20642      0.06%     82.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     82.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20078      0.06%     82.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1228      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3156700      9.77%     92.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2072118      6.41%     99.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       305379      0.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         32319619                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               870283                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    62775514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   70489103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         177769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1575881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1745050657                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   31093813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     31093813                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.989249                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.989249                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.010867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.010867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                42649325                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               22654905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    71051                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   71293                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                5005090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                273836                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51362                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2232000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               48000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             1863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               58000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy               14000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            89820170                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             8849000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17468000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.254241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1693892852000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.254241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9418962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9418962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2040792208                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2040792208                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9418962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      9418962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9418962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      9418962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54444.867052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54444.867052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 49114.175202                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49114.175202                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54444.867052                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54444.867052                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54444.867052                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54444.867052                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17280                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        17280                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5918962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5918962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1176792208                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1176792208                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5918962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5918962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5918962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5918962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 84556.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84556.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68101.400926                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68101.400926                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 84556.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84556.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 84556.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84556.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337481                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65419.198683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4010491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.960414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54563.896309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2274.571035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2764.017947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      537.574504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      599.716909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2426.240023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2253.181956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.832579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.034707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.042176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.009151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.037021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.034381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5977                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2679                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 38452030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                38452030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835740                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835740                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            89227                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            26157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            71638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               187022                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        499466                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        126720                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        325465                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            951651                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       475379                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        83798                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       258654                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           817831                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              499466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              564606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              126720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              109955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              325465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              330292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1956504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             499466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             564606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             126720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             109955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             325465                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             330292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1956504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          73126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          17974                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          24645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7275                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4804                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       240531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        15769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        16968                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         273268                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            313657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             33743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             41613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           313657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            33743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            41613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       332500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       332500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        61500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        61500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1367951000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2193367000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3561318000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    186458500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    394826500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    581285000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1169012500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1264906000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2433918500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    186458500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2536963500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    394826500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3458273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6576521500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    186458500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2536963500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    394826500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3458273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6576521500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835740                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835740                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              43                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       162353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        44131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        96283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       506741                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       129019                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       330269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        966029                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       715910                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        99567                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       275622                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1091099                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          506741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          878263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          129019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          143698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          330269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          371905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2359895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         506741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         878263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         129019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         143698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         330269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         371905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2359895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.709677                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.697674                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.407287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.255964                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382291                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014356                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017819                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014546                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014884                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335979                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158376                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061563                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250452                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.357133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.017819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.234819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.111891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.170936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.357133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.234819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.111891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.170936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15113.636364                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11083.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        30750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30750                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76107.210415                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88998.458105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30768.655233                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81104.175729                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82187.031640                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40428.780081                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74133.584882                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74546.558227                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8906.708799                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81104.175729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75184.882791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82187.031640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83105.592002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16303.094268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 81104.175729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75184.882791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 82187.031640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83105.592002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16303.094268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          185                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          185                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17974                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        24645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         42619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2299                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4804                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7103                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15769                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        16968                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        32737                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            82459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        41613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           82459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3687                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6182                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       607000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       607000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        41500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1188211000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1946917000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3135128000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    163468500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    346786500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    510255000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1011322500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1095840500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2107163000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    163468500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2199533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    346786500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3042757500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5752546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    163468500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2199533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    346786500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3042757500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5752546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    212604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    314976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    527580500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    282475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    426484500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    708959500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    495079500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    741460500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1236540000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.709677                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.511628                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.407287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.255964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.158376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.234819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.111891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.234819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.111891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27590.909091                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27590.909091                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        20750                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20750                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66107.210415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78998.458105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73561.744762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71104.175729                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72187.031640                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71836.547937                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64133.584882                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64582.773456                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64366.404985                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71104.175729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65184.882791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72187.031640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73120.359022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69762.500152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71104.175729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65184.882791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 72187.031640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73120.359022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69762.500152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 191881.317690                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 202037.203335                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 197817.960255                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 203658.976208                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 200415.648496                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 201695.448080                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 198428.657315                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 201101.301871                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200022.646393                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294958                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            116948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        287819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1144349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1178267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       125023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       125023                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1303290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30629632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30675200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2664320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2664320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33339520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              157                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            841413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  841413    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              841413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11052000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           394258327                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          441332932                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           29902743                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2064402                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9810                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           883212                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1574760                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              43                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            10                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             53                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302767                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302767                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        966109                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1091169                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        17280                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2897413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4214892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7112305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     61827200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142743552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              204570752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          141567                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4877075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.028983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.167759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                4735723     97.10%     97.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 141352      2.90%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4877075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1372572500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         689392754                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         777864461                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
