
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000889                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   888991000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  888991000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                              170326912                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 278304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 77301                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 77008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 78427                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 77571                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 81605                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 77234                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 80454                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 78765                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               628365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       396032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5354                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5486                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5463                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5457                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5585                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5519                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5444                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            439804                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  11043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  11171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5444                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                 86953636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                 86624049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                 88220241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                 87257351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                 91795080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                 86878270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                 90500354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                 88600447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               706829428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         445484825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                 6022558                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                 6171041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                 6145169                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                 6138420                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                 6146294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                 6282403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                 6208162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                 6123797                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              494722669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         445484825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0                92976194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1                92795090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2                94365410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3                93395771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4                97941374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5                93160673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6                96708516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7                94724244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1201552097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99131                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55164                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             395.025918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.586338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      395.025918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.771535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.771535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          341                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.789062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338659                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60648                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1205183022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1205183022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1064148669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1064148669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   2269331691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2269331691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   2269331691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2269331691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.810169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.810169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.952651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.861098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.861098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32870.121969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32870.121969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 44370.957303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44370.957303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 37418.079590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37418.079590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 37418.079590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37418.079590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1129963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56549                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.982016                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1168518022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1168518022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1040166669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040166669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   2208684691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2208684691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   2208684691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2208684691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    789521900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    789521900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1493953369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1493953369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   2283475269                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2283475269                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.810169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.952651                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952651                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 31870.121969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31870.121969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43370.998999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43370.998999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 36418.096079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36418.096079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 36418.096079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36418.096079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 81243.249640                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 81243.249640                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 278982.888702                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 278982.888702                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 151494.411796                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 151494.411796                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99860                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55211                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22541                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             395.711444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.588646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      395.711444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.772874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.772874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338432                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1   1195916774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1195916774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1   1059745891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1059745891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   2255662665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2255662665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   2255662665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2255662665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25110                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.806752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.859501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.859501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32731.663081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32731.663081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 44209.498602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44209.498602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 37278.750992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37278.750992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 37278.750992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37278.750992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1120827                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.946380                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15231                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15231                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1159382774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159382774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1035775891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035775891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   2195158665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2195158665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   2195158665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2195158665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    792485431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    792485431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1532713252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1532713252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   2325198683                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2325198683                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.806752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 31731.745190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31731.745190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43209.540320                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43209.540320                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 36278.817099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36278.817099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 36278.817099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36278.817099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 81330.606630                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 81330.606630                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 279335.383999                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 279335.383999                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 152662.246931                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 152662.246931                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99820                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          54950                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             395.344704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.601022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      395.344704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.772158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.772158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60635                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1194013761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1194013761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1064419870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1064419870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   2258433631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2258433631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   2258433631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2258433631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.805377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.858512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.858512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32566.380128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32566.380128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 44404.483334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44404.483334                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 37246.369770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37246.369770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 37246.369770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37246.369770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1131174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56579                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.992824                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9745                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15349                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15349                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1157350761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157350761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1040448870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040448870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   2197799631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2197799631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   2197799631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2197799631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    800475880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    800475880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1507844825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1507844825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   2308320705                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2308320705                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.805377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.954868                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954868                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.858512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 31566.407402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31566.407402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43404.483334                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43404.483334                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 36246.386262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36246.386262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 36246.386262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36246.386262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 80978.844714                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 80978.844714                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 275959.887445                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 275959.887445                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 150388.996352                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 150388.996352                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99181                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54913                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             394.599023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.584749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      394.599023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.770701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.770701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337671                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23851                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23851                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3   1194465114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1194465114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3   1056306776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1056306776                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   2250771890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2250771890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   2250771890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2250771890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.811322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.811322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.861873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.861873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32580.467896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32580.467896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 44287.735357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44287.735357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 37194.848875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37194.848875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 37194.848875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37194.848875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1130263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56535                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.992270                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15446                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1157803114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157803114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1032457776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1032457776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   2190260890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190260890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   2190260890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190260890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    807637161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    807637161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1532365329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1532365329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   2340002490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2340002490                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.811322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 31580.467896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31580.467896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43287.819211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43287.819211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 36194.881926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36194.881926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 36194.881926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36194.881926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 80860.748999                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 80860.748999                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 280755.831623                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 280755.831623                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 151495.694031                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 151495.694031                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99531                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55217                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.784167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.591720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      393.784167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.769110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.769110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.759766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1197                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           24008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4   1185615268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1185615268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4   1062060825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1062060825                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   2247676093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2247676093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   2247676093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2247676093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.807713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952509                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.859667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.859667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32588.858690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32588.858690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 44237.788446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44237.788446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 37219.958817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37219.958817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 37219.958817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37219.958817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1133314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56676                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.996365                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9784                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        24008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4        10053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15517                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15517                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1149238268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1149238268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1038052825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038052825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   2187291093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2187291093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   2187291093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2187291093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    813079130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    813079130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1517158795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1517158795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   2330237925                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2330237925                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.807713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.952509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952509                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 31588.968637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31588.968637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 43237.788446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43237.788446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 36220.025054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36220.025054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 36220.025054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36220.025054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 80879.252959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 80879.252959                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 277664.493960                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 277664.493960                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 150173.224528                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 150173.224528                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55296                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             395.145821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      395.145821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.771769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.771769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.730469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5   1193062548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1193062548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5   1058341769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1058341769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   2251404317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2251404317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   2251404317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2251404317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.806612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.858610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.858610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32731.482798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32731.482798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 44248.756961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44248.756961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 37294.664673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37294.664673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 37294.664673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37294.664673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1121436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.964324                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15429                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15429                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1156614548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1156614548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1034424769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1034424769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   2191039317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2191039317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   2191039317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2191039317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    798681353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    798681353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1559836698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1559836698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   2358518051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2358518051                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.806612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.952150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.858610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 31731.537668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31731.537668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 43248.798771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43248.798771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 36294.714369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36294.714369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 36294.714369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36294.714369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 81150.310201                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 81150.310201                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 279190.388044                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 279190.388044                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 152862.664528                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 152862.664528                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99879                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55426                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             395.326557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.594200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      395.326557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.772122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.772122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.822266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              339285                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             339285                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           24021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60654                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6   1194061806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1194061806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6   1068136243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1068136243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   2262198049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2262198049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   2262198049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2262198049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.807179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953555                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32595.250348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32595.250348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 44466.768369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44466.768369                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 37296.766067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37296.766067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 37296.766067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37296.766067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1121671                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.947201                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        24021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1157429806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1157429806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1044117243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044117243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   2201547049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2201547049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   2201547049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2201547049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    789209928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    789209928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1545234814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1545234814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   2334444742                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2334444742                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.807179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953555                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953555                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 31595.277646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31595.277646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43466.851630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43466.851630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 36296.815527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36296.815527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 36296.815527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36296.815527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 81077.658517                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 81077.658517                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 279984.564957                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 279984.564957                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 153048.235888                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 153048.235888                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99237                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54706                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             396.130968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      396.130968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.773693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.773693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337631                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1187262746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1187262746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1066556279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1066556279                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   2253819025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   2253819025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   2253819025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   2253819025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.806064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.859451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.859451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 32597.406677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32597.406677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 44530.761931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44530.761931                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 37331.572474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37331.572474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 37331.572474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37331.572474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1126172                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               56351                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.984951                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15345                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15345                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1150841746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1150841746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1042608279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042608279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   2193450025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2193450025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   2193450025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2193450025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    802753372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    802753372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1502766880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1502766880                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   2305520252                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2305520252                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.806064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.955708                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955708                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.859451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.859451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 31597.434133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31597.434133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43530.887186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43530.887186                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 36331.638729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36331.638729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 36331.638729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36331.638729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 81078.009494                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 81078.009494                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 276040.940485                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 276040.940485                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 150245.699055                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 150245.699055                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13238                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  783.486176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     163749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    11.673843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     731.907933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             6.423018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             6.356158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             6.459637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             6.505664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.498026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.297131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             6.613319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.425290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.714754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.006272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.006207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.006308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.006353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.765123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.770508                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2093442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2093442                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           77141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                77141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  278                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  288                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  234                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  250                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  237                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  267                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  288                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  265                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1745                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1822                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1757                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1783                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1866                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1759                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0             10764                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1             10818                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2             10858                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3             10852                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4             10715                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5             10815                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6             10778                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7             10709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            86309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  100545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12626                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 100545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               2044                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2057                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2093                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2098                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2109                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2052                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               2068                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2060                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16581                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4635                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4534                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4676                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4617                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4681                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4691                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              37198                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0             682                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1             677                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2             701                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3             683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4             732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5             682                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6             708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7             684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           5549                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 42747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5392                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                42747                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     61263500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     62252498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     64263498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     62333999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     61770000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     60743499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     60997499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     60764000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    494388493                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     252681459                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     247510963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     255306957                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     251987957                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     254124963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     254900472                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     257627958                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     256511954                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2030652683                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0     41112446                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1     40920945                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2     42356442                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3     41376937                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4     44597922                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5     42076925                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6     42377442                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7     41033442                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    335852501                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        293793905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        288431908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        297663399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        293364894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        298722885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        296977397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        300005400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        297545396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2366505184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       293793905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       288431908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       297663399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       293364894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       298722885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       296977397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       300005400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       297545396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2366505184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        77141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            77141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2322                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2345                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2327                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2348                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2346                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2319                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2356                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2325                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18688                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6380                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6463                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11535                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11447                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11497                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11393                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        91858                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                18044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              143292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               18044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             143292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.880276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.877186                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.899441                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.893526                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.898977                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.884864                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.877759                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.886022                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.887254                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.726489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.713342                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.726877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.722422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.723266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.714984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.727835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.730572                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.723218                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.059584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.058895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.060645                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.059211                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.063947                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.059320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.061640                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.060037                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.060408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.298272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.291916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.298855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.295660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.301397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.297218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.301521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.301729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.298321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.298272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.291916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.298855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.295660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.301397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.297218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.301521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.301729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.298321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 29972.358121                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 30263.732620                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 30704.012422                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 29711.153003                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 29288.762447                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 29602.095029                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 29495.889265                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 29497.087379                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29816.566733                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 54515.956634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 54589.978606                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54599.434773                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 54578.288282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 54533.253863                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 54454.277291                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54767.848214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 54681.721168                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54590.372681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 60282.178886                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 60444.527326                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 60422.884451                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 60581.166911                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 60926.122951                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 61696.370968                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 59855.144068                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 59990.412281                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60524.869526                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55255.577393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55350.586836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55358.638460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55351.866792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55401.128524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55375.237181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55433.370288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55357.282977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55360.731373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55255.577393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 55350.586836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 55358.638460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55351.866792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55401.128524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 55375.237181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 55433.370288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55357.282977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55360.731373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              8992                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     1204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7.468439                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6188                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6188                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu7               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                  3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1198                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1198                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          2044                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2057                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2093                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2098                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2109                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2051                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          2068                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2059                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16579                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4674                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4616                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4656                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4700                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4687                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         37172                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          678                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          679                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          673                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          678                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4        10053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15071                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15230                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15346                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15445                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15517                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15427                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15253                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15345                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       122634                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     89873000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     90484998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     92033997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     92268499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     92811998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     90292999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     90927999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     90564000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    729257490                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    206241460                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    202149464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    208464458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    205784957                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    207399964                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    208084972                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    210466959                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    209572454                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1658164688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     34242946                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     34066945                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     35309442                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     34442937                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     37046924                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     35143925                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     35167942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     34075942                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279497003                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    240484406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    236216409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    243773900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    240227894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    244446888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    243228897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    245634901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    243648396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1937661691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    240484406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    236216409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    243773900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    240227894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    244446888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    243228897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    245634901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    243648396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1937661691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    429696979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    430709962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    436642475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    441286981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    444007972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    434245978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    430003472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    437630301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3484224120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    244327984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    248490489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    246535993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    247729989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    247792491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    253848482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    250349488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    246216989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1985291905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    674024963                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    679200451                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    683178468                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    689016970                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    691800463                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    688094460                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    680352960                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    683847290                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5469516025                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.880276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.877186                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.899441                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.893526                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.898977                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.884433                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.877759                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.885591                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887147                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.725235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.713027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.726566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.722266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.722645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.714831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.727216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.729949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.059235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.058547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.060559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.058864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.062899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.058537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.061118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.059510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.297599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.291580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.298688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.295381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.300503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.296664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.300964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.301168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.297599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.291580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.298688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.295381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.300503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.296664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.300964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.301168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 43969.178082                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 43988.817696                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 43972.287148                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 43979.265491                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 44007.585586                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 44023.890297                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 43969.051741                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 43984.458475                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43986.820074                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 44573.473093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 44604.912621                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 44600.868207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 44580.796577                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 44544.665808                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 44462.600855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44780.204043                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 44713.559633                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44607.895405                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 50505.820059                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 50619.531947                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 50442.060000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 50725.974963                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 51454.061111                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 52219.799406                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 50096.783476                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50259.501475                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50789.933309                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 45331.650518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 45382.595389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 45361.723111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 45368.818508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 45470.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 45437.866056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 45471.103480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 45414.426095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45405.077704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 45331.650518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 45382.595389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 45361.723111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 45368.818508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 45470.031250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 45437.866056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 45471.103480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 45414.426095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45405.077704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 44221.156633                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 44202.582307                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 44181.167156                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 44181.716159                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 44166.713618                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 44121.720992                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 44175.413191                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 44200.616200                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 44181.280211                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 45634.662682                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 45295.386256                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 45128.316493                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 45396.736119                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 45350.016654                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 45451.832050                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 45361.385758                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 45227.220610                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 45355.293452                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 44723.307213                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 44596.221339                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 44518.341457                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 44611.004856                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 44583.390024                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 44603.257924                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 44604.534190                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 44564.828283                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 44600.323116                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        253876                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       250804                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               78861                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            61487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           50676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       428330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 428330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1068167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1068167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            57121                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            253876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  253876    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              253876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           481009549                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              54.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          317350499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             35.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       783985                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       389410                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       391503                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          13238                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4575                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         8663                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              78862                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            371257                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43772                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43769                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            83329                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20018                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29498                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29497                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162169                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162167                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       292402                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                981417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1781215                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1778494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1776817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1770963                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1771805                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1794946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1778453                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1777585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14230278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          335326                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           797223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.523507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.320965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 184121     23.10%     23.10% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 277567     34.82%     57.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 172653     21.66%     79.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  93165     11.69%     91.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  44731      5.61%     96.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                  17914      2.25%     99.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                   5826      0.73%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                   1211      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                     35      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             797223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          882991225                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             99.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         100686388                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         100571959                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         100903359                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            11.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         100786975                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         100705827                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         100586898                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         100884775                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         100465612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            11.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
