
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059580                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59579614000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59579614000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 321432                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   321432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              216544599                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 304972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   275.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            500672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10147648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10648320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       500672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          500672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7320576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7320576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               7823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                166380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              8403411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            170320808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               178724219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         8403411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            8403411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         122870484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              122870484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         122870484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             8403411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           170320808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              301594703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        166380                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       114384                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      166380                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     114384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10648064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7319040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10648320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7320576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     59579590000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  166380                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 114384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    164758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        54737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      328.220838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     195.100573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     330.685535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          19472     35.57%     35.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11861     21.67%     57.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5645     10.31%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3680      6.72%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2860      5.22%     79.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2018      3.69%     83.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1694      3.09%     86.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1489      2.72%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6018     10.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          54737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.631676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      336.376134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7037     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.244318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.229045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.737232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6278     89.18%     89.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 16      0.23%     89.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                578      8.21%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                145      2.06%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 15      0.21%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  3      0.04%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::22                  1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::23                  2      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2004219750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5123769750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    831880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12046.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30796.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         178.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         122.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      178.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      122.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     144447                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     81540                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       212205.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  199372320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  108784500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 641464200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                368938800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             3890992560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            12501731340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            24777284250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              42488567970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              713.220229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    41071172000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1989260000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     16512675000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  214189920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  116869500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 655792800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                371790000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             3890992560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            13114227690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            24240006750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              42603869220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              715.155695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40171909250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1989260000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     17411703250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14668515                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9490335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            391198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9984003                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6387554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             63.977885                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1708558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              85259                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20570256                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      97321                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            10                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20667577                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14665734                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      9406                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14675140                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35235990                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     106727                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            10                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35342717                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25623202                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5252                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25628454                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        119159228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1111760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.347375                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.742184                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        91522395                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        27636833                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4070.716592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34616548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.967536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         688117500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4070.716592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70177059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70177059                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20283298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20283298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     14333250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      34616548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34616548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     34616548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34616548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        89419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         89419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       280127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280127                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       369546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         369546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       369546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        369546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4766015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4766015000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21725113500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21725113500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  26491128500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26491128500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  26491128500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26491128500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20372717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20372717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34986094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34986094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34986094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34986094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53299.802055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53299.802055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77554.514559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77554.514559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71685.604769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71685.604769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71685.604769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71685.604769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        28112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136563                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2678080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2678080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10985374000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10985374000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13663454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13663454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13663454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13663454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43683.103071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43683.103071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76519.001978                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76519.001978                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66692.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66692.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66692.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66692.962889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            153439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1932.585595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25467714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            155487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            163.793205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       42332946500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1932.585595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.943645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51401891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51401891                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25467714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25467714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25467714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25467714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25467714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25467714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        155488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         155488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        155488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2558679500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2558679500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2558679500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2558679500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2558679500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2558679500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25623202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25623202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25623202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25623202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25623202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25623202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16455.800448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16455.800448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16455.800448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16455.800448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16455.800448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16455.800448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       155488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2403192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2403192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2403192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2403192500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2403192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2403192500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15455.806879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15455.806879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15455.806879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15455.806879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15455.806879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15455.806879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           132455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30425.611503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             404125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           164531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             2.456224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 25960.344438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2481.956505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1983.310560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.792247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.060526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19026                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978882                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          6024680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         6024680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       168451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       168451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       147664                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       147664                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        33631                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        33631                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       147664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        46314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          193978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       147664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        46314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         193978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         7824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         7824                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        27675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        27675                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        166381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158557                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       166381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10636812500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10636812500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    619419000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    619419000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2232532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2232532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    619419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12869344500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13488763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    619419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12869344500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13488763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       168451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       168451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143565                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143565                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       155488                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        61306                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        61306                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       360359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       155488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       360359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911657                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911657                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.050319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.451424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.461709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.461709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81270.247246                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81270.247246                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79169.095092                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79169.095092                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80669.629630                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80669.629630                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79169.095092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81165.413700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81071.537615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79169.095092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81165.413700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81071.537615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       114384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           114384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2093                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         2093                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7824                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7824                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27675                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        27675                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       166381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       166381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9327992500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9327992500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    541189000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    541189000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1955782000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1955782000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    541189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11283774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11824963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    541189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11283774500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11824963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.050319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71270.247246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71270.247246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69170.373211                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69170.373211                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70669.629630                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70669.629630                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69170.373211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71165.413700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71071.597718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69170.373211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71165.413700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71071.597718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        216793                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       282835                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       203834                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143565                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143565                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       155488                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        61306                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       464414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       610517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1074931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      9951168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23892608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           33843776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      132455                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       847028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        1.156376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.363212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             714573     84.36%     84.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2             132455     15.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         847028                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      525737500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     233232496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     307309993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            114384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            16134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130882                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         35498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       463278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 463278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17968896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17968896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            296898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  296898    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              296898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           824886500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          878487500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
