
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005816                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     5815635                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    5815635                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  68172                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 495420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    85.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39845440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39845440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     15585728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        15585728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       622585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              622585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       243527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             243527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   6851434108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            6851434108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   2679970115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2679970115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   9531404223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           9531404223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      622587                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     243527                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    622587                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   243527                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39220992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  624576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                15356416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39845568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             15585728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   9759                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  3554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             76348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             76667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             77315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             76225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             76734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             29930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             30248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             30120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             29966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             29898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             29828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             30068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       5815613                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                622587                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               243527                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    8212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   15065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   22858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   28906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   35703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   40423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   40649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   36783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  31953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  28877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  27357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  26222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  25264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  24218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  22664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  21130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  20022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  19061                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  18193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  17673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  16740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  15553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  13610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  10844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                   7582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                   4413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                   2073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                    688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                    163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   1159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   5719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  13072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  14747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  13975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  14743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  15281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  16014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  16326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  16650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   9968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   8572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                   7548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                   6589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                   5758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                   5178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                   4563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                   3855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                   3422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                   2946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                   2696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                   2391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                   2157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                   1914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   1722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   1265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                    941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                    832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                    698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                    620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                    343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       249337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    218.885508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.131991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.939664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49393     19.81%     19.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       106165     42.58%     62.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53797     21.58%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23646      9.48%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10085      4.04%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3969      1.59%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1475      0.59%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          522      0.21%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          285      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       249337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      41.548173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     37.726056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     17.755376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             316      2.14%      2.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             33      0.22%      2.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23            27      0.18%      2.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          3456     23.43%     25.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          5970     40.48%     66.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          1675     11.36%     77.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           181      1.23%     79.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           871      5.91%     84.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          1181      8.01%     92.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           545      3.70%     96.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           153      1.04%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            95      0.64%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103          101      0.68%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           85      0.58%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           33      0.22%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           14      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            8      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         14749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.268493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.236556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.131051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            13590     92.14%     92.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              284      1.93%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              228      1.55%     95.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              185      1.25%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              147      1.00%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               99      0.67%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               81      0.55%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               68      0.46%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               30      0.20%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25               20      0.14%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                3      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                8      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                4      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::37                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         14749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     63004348                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                74648080                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3064140                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       102.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  121.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      6744.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      2640.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   6851.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   2679.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        73.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    52.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   20.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      15.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   368420                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  235007                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                97.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          6.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    70.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1882697040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1045942800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7638870720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2484317952                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            379385760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3958814844                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             12550200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            17402579316                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2995.972446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE           21                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        193960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       5614691                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            379385760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            125524944                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           3375051600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             3879962304                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5614656                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        193960                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99740                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55370                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99140                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55519                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99629                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55490                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55379                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98958                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55276                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99413                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55826                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99603                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55323                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99051                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55252                       # number of write accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       626938                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998462                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997199                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125805                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          20      0.00%      0.02% |      626814     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        626938                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              626810                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1187.449225                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean            963.338584                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            640.320592                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      116979     18.66%     18.66% |      152823     24.38%     43.04% |      150422     24.00%     67.04% |      142784     22.78%     89.82% |       58983      9.41%     99.23% |        4790      0.76%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                626810                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples            2808                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean        1064.513177                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean        554.020015                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev        692.440664                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |         757     26.96%     26.96% |         616     21.94%     48.90% |         620     22.08%     70.98% |         576     20.51%     91.49% |         219      7.80%     99.29% |          20      0.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total              2808                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         624002                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1188.002436                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       965.739716                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       640.023693                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      116222     18.63%     18.63% |      152207     24.39%     43.02% |      149802     24.01%     67.02% |      142208     22.79%     89.81% |       58764      9.42%     99.23% |        4770      0.76%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           624002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times             1245                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times         622754                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           28                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78597                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78625                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           28                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           27                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78487                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           21                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78427                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78448                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           25                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78267                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           18                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78355                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78373                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           13                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78322                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           22                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         1793                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       624840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       626633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     9.807020                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78596                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79603                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          253                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85659                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626646                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84813                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5731416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        18216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6167448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       678504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     9.780656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79214                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          169                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85414                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626646                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5703408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6149808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       679496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     9.794317                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78487                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          233                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          178                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85427                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626646                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84745                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5727168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6150744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       677960                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     9.794274                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79534                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85423                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626645                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5726448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        13896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6150456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       678776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     9.773425                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78242                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79347                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          171                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626646                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84714                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5712984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6129360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       677712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     9.789769                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78355                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79451                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          233                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626646                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84833                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5720472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        13896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6148224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       678664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     9.784151                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78308                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79379                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85373                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626646                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84869                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5715288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6146856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       678952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     9.758328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79015                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          230                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        85072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       626646                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        84869                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5689080                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      6125184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      5013168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       678952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    41.095392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626633                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1793                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::4          681                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       864479                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379876                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5013064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4998720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       447696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       129096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     62242488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3039008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    38.216549                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::4       628003                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       239712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379876                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4998720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45216216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17259264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3039008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    17.602545                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626633                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       634654                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          707                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4          686                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       893539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1      4386522                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3       678626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5013064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4998720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45695088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       133776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4        50904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     64334808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3039008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1     35092176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3      5429008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3754433                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1903962                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data         5574                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data         2121                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         2058                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2680620                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1139628                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      9399689                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Persistent_Control      1508058                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     30035464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    137085264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       401328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data       152712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        16464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    193004640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      9117024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     75197512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Persistent_Control     12064464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    11.768878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78889                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          246                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3595                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548051                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5680008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     7.845162                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78596                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          714                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        82064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78595                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9410                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       628768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        51408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5908608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       628760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        75280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization    11.746697                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78525                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3653                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548422                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5653800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       263016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4387376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     7.814615                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          689                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81761                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9534                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        49608                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5886792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       625792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        76272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization    11.757615                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78811                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548159                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5674392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       254592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4385272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     7.831019                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78487                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          733                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81891                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78487                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9342                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        52776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5896152                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       627896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        74736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization    11.757289                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78790                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548218                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5672880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       256320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4385744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     7.831260                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           79                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78427                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9444                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       627416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        53568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5894136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       627416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        75552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization    11.739724                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548404                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5658912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       252864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4387232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     7.807127                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78242                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          751                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81618                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78242                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9311                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       625936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        54072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5876496                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       625936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        74488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization    11.754151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78695                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3596                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548291                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5666040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     7.825388                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78355                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          756                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81796                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78355                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9430                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        54432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         7344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5889312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        75440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization    11.749534                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78652                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3594                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548338                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5662944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     7.818768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78308                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          727                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78308                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9466                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       626464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        52344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5888088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       626464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        75728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization    11.727034                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78308                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3605                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5638176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       259560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4389104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     7.789622                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        78008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4          707                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4        81467                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1        78008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3         9466                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       624064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        50904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4      5865624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1       624064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3        75728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    54.474593                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626633                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       625931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5013064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45067032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    27.716191                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6218                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         1793                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       238548                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379876                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4998720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       447696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4       129096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17175456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3039008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    28.198116                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5388                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       238956                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379876                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4998720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       387936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17204832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3039008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    48.234982                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       622615                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4          756                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     44828280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4        54432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization    11.687976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          246                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3595                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548051                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        65993                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5680008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        17712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4384408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       527944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization    11.664728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78525                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3653                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548422                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        65869                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5653800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       263016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4387376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       526952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization    11.677297                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           95                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548159                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66061                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5674392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       254592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4385272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       528488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization    11.676128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        65959                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5672880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       256320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4385752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       527672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization    11.659673                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78596                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548404                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        66092                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5658912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       252864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4387232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       528736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization    11.673076                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78695                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           91                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3596                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548291                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        65973                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5666040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       527784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization    11.668150                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78652                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          211                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           85                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548338                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        65937                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5662944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         6120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       258768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4386704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       527496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization    11.645650                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78308                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::4           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4         3605                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::1       548638                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        65937                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5638176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::4         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4       259560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::1      4389104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       527496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    54.474627                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       626633                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::4          680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       625931                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      5013064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         5440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     45067032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    28.198142                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       624840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5388                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::4           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::4       238957                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::4       379876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Persistent_Control::3        75403                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      4998720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       387936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::4         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::4     17204904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::4      3039008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Persistent_Control::3       603224                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           403415                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1186.620869                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean         962.136054                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         640.709705                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |       75729     18.77%     18.77% |       98135     24.33%     43.10% |       96575     23.94%     67.04% |       91976     22.80%     89.84% |       37932      9.40%     99.24% |        3050      0.76%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             403415                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples         1783                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean     1056.459899                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean     549.688285                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev     697.611596                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |         497     27.87%     27.87% |         389     21.82%     49.69% |         380     21.31%     71.00% |         358     20.08%     91.08% |         147      8.24%     99.33% |          12      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total           1783                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       401632                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1187.198704                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    964.530118                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    640.387788                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |       75232     18.73%     18.73% |       97746     24.34%     43.07% |       96195     23.95%     67.02% |       91618     22.81%     89.83% |       37785      9.41%     99.24% |        3038      0.76%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        401632                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           223395                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1188.945102                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean         965.513965                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         639.616031                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |       41250     18.47%     18.47% |       54688     24.48%     42.95% |       53847     24.10%     67.05% |       50808     22.74%     89.79% |       21051      9.42%     99.22% |        1740      0.78%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             223395                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples         1025                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean     1078.521951                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean     561.636604                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev     683.464976                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |         260     25.37%     25.37% |         227     22.15%     47.51% |         240     23.41%     70.93% |         218     21.27%     92.20% |          72      7.02%     99.22% |           8      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total           1025                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       222370                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1189.454090                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    967.928270                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    639.364438                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       40990     18.43%     18.43% |       54461     24.49%     42.92% |       53607     24.11%     67.03% |       50590     22.75%     89.78% |       20979      9.43%     99.22% |        1732      0.78%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        222370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples          182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         182    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total          182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples         1245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1165.808835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   866.633251                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   654.148867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist |         244     19.60%     19.60% |         295     23.69%     43.29% |         325     26.10%     69.40% |         257     20.64%     90.04% |         110      8.84%     98.88% |          13      1.04%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist::total         1245                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples         2626                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean  1138.222011                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean   858.362593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::stdev   654.875841                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |         575     21.90%     21.90% |         616     23.46%     45.35% |         620     23.61%     68.96% |         576     21.93%     90.90% |         219      8.34%     99.24% |          20      0.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total         2626                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples       622757                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean  1188.046805                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   965.948790                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev   639.994908                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist |      115978     18.62%     18.62% |      151912     24.39%     43.02% |      149477     24.00%     67.02% |      141951     22.79%     89.81% |       58654      9.42%     99.23% |        4757      0.76%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::total       622757                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::samples            3                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::mean           88                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::gmean    87.863425                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::stdev            6                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::total            3                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          113                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          113                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          790                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1165.772152                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   872.747726                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   645.792422                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |         147     18.61%     18.61% |         198     25.06%     43.67% |         206     26.08%     69.75% |         162     20.51%     90.25% |          67      8.48%     98.73% |          10      1.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          790                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples         1670                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1127.877246                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   842.413970                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   662.634655                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         384     22.99%     22.99% |         389     23.29%     46.29% |         380     22.75%     69.04% |         358     21.44%     90.48% |         147      8.80%     99.28% |          12      0.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total         1670                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       400842                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1187.240933                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   964.720221                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   640.377196                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |       75085     18.73%     18.73% |       97548     24.34%     43.07% |       95989     23.95%     67.01% |       91456     22.82%     89.83% |       37718      9.41%     99.24% |        3028      0.76%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       400842                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           69                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total           69                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          455                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1165.872527                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   856.118494                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   669.127584                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |          97     21.32%     21.32% |          97     21.32%     42.64% |         119     26.15%     68.79% |          95     20.88%     89.67% |          43      9.45%     99.12% |           3      0.66%     99.78% |           1      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          455                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          956                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1156.292887                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   886.950457                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   641.040115                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |         191     19.98%     19.98% |         227     23.74%     43.72% |         240     25.10%     68.83% |         218     22.80%     91.63% |          72      7.53%     99.16% |           8      0.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          956                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples       221915                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean  1189.502440                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   968.171906                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev   639.302674                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |       40893     18.43%     18.43% |       54364     24.50%     42.92% |       53488     24.10%     67.03% |       50495     22.75%     89.78% |       20936      9.43%     99.22% |        1729      0.78%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total       221915                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          238248      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          430551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Lockdown        37871      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unlockdown        37532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_Owner          328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data_All_Tokens       244045      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner          513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       378512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Tokens           112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack_All_Tokens          793      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       622582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       243526      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX        220266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS        397866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Lockdown         3948      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Tokens            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.Ack_All_Tokens          781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX         2299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS         4077      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Lockdown        15913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_Owner          327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Data_All_Tokens       243200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner          512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens       378120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.Tokens          107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETX           114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.GETS           218      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Lockdown          296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Unlockdown        37529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Data_Owner            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Data_All_Tokens          791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Ack_Owner            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L.Ack_Owner_All_Tokens          392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETX           53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.GETS          129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Lockdown          114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Data_All_Tokens            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Ack_All_Tokens            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_W.Memory_Ack       243412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETX          121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.GETS          146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Lockdown            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Unlockdown            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Data         4452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_O_W.Memory_Ack          114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETX          424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.GETS         1147      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Lockdown           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.L_NO_W.Memory_Data        17558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETX        14971      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.GETS        26968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Lockdown        17558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Ack_All_Tokens           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_W.Memory_Data       600569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50706     12.57%     12.57% |       50355     12.48%     25.05% |       50452     12.51%     37.56% |       50574     12.54%     50.09% |       50260     12.46%     62.55% |       50422     12.50%     75.05% |       50335     12.48%     87.53% |       50323     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       403427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       27919     12.50%     12.50% |       27897     12.49%     24.98% |       28062     12.56%     37.55% |       27874     12.48%     50.02% |       28007     12.54%     62.56% |       27951     12.51%     75.07% |       27987     12.53%     87.60% |       27707     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       223404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1487072     12.55%     12.55% |     1478659     12.47%     25.02% |     1485093     12.53%     37.55% |     1484054     12.52%     50.07% |     1480194     12.49%     62.55% |     1482087     12.50%     75.06% |     1479098     12.48%     87.53% |     1477602     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     11853859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared |         198     13.48%     13.48% |         200     13.61%     27.09% |         184     12.53%     39.62% |         181     12.32%     51.94% |         174     11.84%     63.78% |         181     12.32%     76.11% |         170     11.57%     87.68% |         181     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Shared::total         1469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner |          27      9.12%      9.12% |          41     13.85%     22.97% |          29      9.80%     32.77% |          23      7.77%     40.54% |          35     11.82%     52.36% |          56     18.92%     71.28% |          44     14.86%     86.15% |          41     13.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Owner::total          296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens |       82599     12.54%     12.54% |       82255     12.49%     25.03% |       82453     12.52%     37.55% |       82452     12.52%     50.07% |       82199     12.48%     62.55% |       82370     12.51%     75.05% |       82328     12.50%     87.55% |       81996     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_All_Tokens::total       658652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           4     66.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX |      195426     12.50%     12.50% |      195453     12.50%     25.00% |      195283     12.49%     37.49% |      195465     12.50%     50.00% |      195335     12.49%     62.49% |      195389     12.50%     74.99% |      195350     12.50%     87.49% |      195637     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1563338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS |      352624     12.49%     12.49% |      352967     12.50%     24.99% |      352875     12.50%     37.49% |      352752     12.49%     49.99% |      353068     12.51%     62.49% |      352902     12.50%     74.99% |      352988     12.50%     87.50% |      353000     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2823176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX |       11857     12.49%     12.49% |       11841     12.47%     24.97% |       11906     12.54%     37.51% |       11862     12.50%     50.01% |       11832     12.47%     62.47% |       11891     12.53%     75.00% |       11829     12.46%     87.46% |       11900     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX::total        94918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS |       21272     12.50%     12.50% |       21225     12.47%     24.97% |       21264     12.50%     37.47% |       21259     12.49%     49.96% |       21363     12.55%     62.52% |       21252     12.49%     75.01% |       21298     12.52%     87.52% |       21234     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS::total       170167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |       42272     12.50%     12.50% |       42337     12.52%     25.02% |       42233     12.49%     37.51% |       42282     12.50%     50.02% |       42208     12.48%     62.50% |       42260     12.50%     75.00% |       42276     12.50%     87.50% |       42269     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total       338137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout |       32394     12.54%     12.54% |       31508     12.20%     24.75% |       32410     12.55%     37.30% |       32043     12.41%     49.71% |       32247     12.49%     62.19% |       32109     12.43%     74.63% |       33104     12.82%     87.45% |       32409     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request_Timeout::total       258224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           7     12.07%     12.07% |           6     10.34%     22.41% |           7     12.07%     34.48% |           4      6.90%     41.38% |           8     13.79%     55.17% |          11     18.97%     74.14% |           6     10.34%     84.48% |           9     15.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           6      6.19%      6.19% |           9      9.28%     15.46% |          14     14.43%     29.90% |           9      9.28%     39.18% |          18     18.56%     57.73% |          10     10.31%     68.04% |          14     14.43%     82.47% |          17     17.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total           97                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       78373     12.54%     12.54% |       78005     12.48%     25.02% |       78272     12.53%     37.55% |       78225     12.52%     50.07% |       78022     12.49%     62.55% |       78131     12.50%     75.05% |       78099     12.50%     87.55% |       77789     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       624916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       50665     12.57%     12.57% |       50319     12.48%     25.05% |       50410     12.50%     37.55% |       50536     12.54%     50.09% |       50223     12.46%     62.55% |       50388     12.50%     75.05% |       50306     12.48%     87.53% |       50290     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       403137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       27896     12.50%     12.50% |       27867     12.48%     24.98% |       28040     12.56%     37.54% |       27861     12.48%     50.02% |       27988     12.54%     62.56% |       27934     12.51%     75.07% |       27970     12.53%     87.60% |       27685     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       223241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared |           7      7.78%      7.78% |          21     23.33%     31.11% |           8      8.89%     40.00% |           8      8.89%     48.89% |           7      7.78%     56.67% |          15     16.67%     73.33% |          10     11.11%     84.44% |          14     15.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Shared::total           90                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner |          11      9.32%      9.32% |          17     14.41%     23.73% |          12     10.17%     33.90% |           9      7.63%     41.53% |          12     10.17%     51.69% |          23     19.49%     71.19% |          17     14.41%     85.59% |          17     14.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_Owner::total          118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens |        4181     12.50%     12.50% |        4207     12.58%     25.08% |        4143     12.39%     37.47% |        4193     12.54%     50.01% |        4134     12.36%     62.37% |        4209     12.59%     74.96% |        4200     12.56%     87.52% |        4175     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Data_All_Tokens::total        33442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX |      194973     12.50%     12.50% |      195010     12.50%     25.00% |      194852     12.49%     37.49% |      195033     12.50%     50.00% |      194880     12.49%     62.49% |      194885     12.49%     74.99% |      194933     12.50%     87.48% |      195215     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETX::total      1559781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS |      351789     12.49%     12.49% |      352185     12.50%     24.99% |      352010     12.50%     37.49% |      351933     12.49%     49.99% |      352279     12.51%     62.49% |      352068     12.50%     74.99% |      352201     12.50%     87.50% |      352159     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Transient_Local_GETS::total      2816624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |       36978     12.51%     12.51% |       36970     12.50%     25.01% |       36946     12.49%     37.50% |       36956     12.50%     50.00% |       36970     12.50%     62.50% |       36976     12.50%     75.01% |       36984     12.51%     87.52% |       36911     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total       295691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          88     12.96%     12.96% |          78     11.49%     24.45% |          87     12.81%     37.26% |          79     11.63%     48.90% |          88     12.96%     61.86% |          92     13.55%     75.41% |          74     10.90%     86.30% |          93     13.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Transient_Local_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |         210     13.67%     13.67% |         198     12.89%     26.56% |         195     12.70%     39.26% |         191     12.43%     51.69% |         193     12.57%     64.26% |         184     11.98%     76.24% |         178     11.59%     87.83% |         187     12.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_Shared::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Data_All_Tokens::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Transient_Local_GETS_Last_Token::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETS_Last_Token::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          40      9.01%      9.01% |          50     11.26%     20.27% |          50     11.26%     31.53% |          63     14.19%     45.72% |          56     12.61%     58.33% |          71     15.99%     74.32% |          54     12.16%     86.49% |          60     13.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Data_All_Tokens::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Transient_Local_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |           5      9.62%      9.62% |           4      7.69%     17.31% |           4      7.69%     25.00% |           4      7.69%     32.69% |          10     19.23%     51.92% |          11     21.15%     73.08% |           5      9.62%     82.69% |           9     17.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           0      0.00%     15.00% |           4     20.00%     35.00% |           1      5.00%     40.00% |           2     10.00%     50.00% |           3     15.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           5     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |           3     21.43%     21.43% |           3     21.43%     42.86% |           4     28.57%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       50394     12.57%     12.57% |       50052     12.48%     25.05% |       50144     12.50%     37.55% |       50271     12.54%     50.09% |       49944     12.45%     62.54% |       50111     12.50%     75.04% |       50063     12.48%     87.53% |       50023     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       401002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX |          24     14.81%     14.81% |          17     10.49%     25.31% |          16      9.88%     35.19% |          16      9.88%     45.06% |          30     18.52%     63.58% |          22     13.58%     77.16% |          17     10.49%     87.65% |          20     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETX::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS |          26      9.52%      9.52% |          29     10.62%     20.15% |          33     12.09%     32.23% |          49     17.95%     50.18% |          33     12.09%     62.27% |          40     14.65%     76.92% |          27      9.89%     86.81% |          36     13.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Transient_Local_GETS::total          273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX |           5      8.20%      8.20% |          10     16.39%     24.59% |          15     24.59%     49.18% |           8     13.11%     62.30% |           6      9.84%     72.13% |           5      8.20%     80.33% |           3      4.92%     85.25% |           9     14.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX::total           61                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS |          18     15.79%     15.79% |          16     14.04%     29.82% |          13     11.40%     41.23% |          15     13.16%     54.39% |          14     12.28%     66.67% |          12     10.53%     77.19% |          11      9.65%     86.84% |          15     13.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS::total          114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         262     11.53%     11.53% |         291     12.81%     24.34% |         277     12.19%     36.53% |         309     13.60%     50.13% |         285     12.54%     62.68% |         263     11.58%     74.25% |         269     11.84%     86.09% |         316     13.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         2272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           2     16.67%     58.33% |           3     25.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           0      0.00%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           3     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           3     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       27861     12.50%     12.50% |       27842     12.49%     24.98% |       28007     12.56%     37.55% |       27818     12.48%     50.02% |       27957     12.54%     62.56% |       27892     12.51%     75.07% |       27936     12.53%     87.60% |       27641     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       222954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX |          11     11.58%     11.58% |          12     12.63%     24.21% |          14     14.74%     38.95% |          10     10.53%     49.47% |           8      8.42%     57.89% |          16     16.84%     74.74% |          12     12.63%     87.37% |          12     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETX::total           95                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS |          21     11.93%     11.93% |          22     12.50%     24.43% |          20     11.36%     35.80% |          26     14.77%     50.57% |          19     10.80%     61.36% |          24     13.64%     75.00% |          19     10.80%     85.80% |          25     14.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Transient_Local_GETS::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX |          10     23.81%     23.81% |           2      4.76%     28.57% |           5     11.90%     40.48% |           7     16.67%     57.14% |           5     11.90%     69.05% |           5     11.90%     80.95% |           4      9.52%     90.48% |           4      9.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETX::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS |           6     13.95%     13.95% |           4      9.30%     23.26% |           5     11.63%     34.88% |           5     11.63%     46.51% |           7     16.28%     62.79% |           5     11.63%     74.42% |           6     13.95%     88.37% |           5     11.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Persistent_GETS::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         168     12.91%     12.91% |         156     11.99%     24.90% |         166     12.76%     37.66% |         164     12.61%     50.27% |         152     11.68%     61.95% |         161     12.38%     74.33% |         172     13.22%     87.55% |         162     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         1301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           8     13.11%     13.11% |           9     14.75%     27.87% |           9     14.75%     42.62% |          10     16.39%     59.02% |           9     14.75%     73.77% |           6      9.84%     83.61% |           5      8.20%     91.80% |           5      8.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           61                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           4     13.33%     13.33% |           7     23.33%     36.67% |           5     16.67%     53.33% |           2      6.67%     60.00% |           2      6.67%     66.67% |           4     13.33%     80.00% |           3     10.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |      367551     12.52%     12.52% |      366224     12.47%     24.99% |      368907     12.56%     37.55% |      369111     12.57%     50.12% |      364601     12.42%     62.54% |      365652     12.45%     74.99% |      365783     12.46%     87.45% |      368574     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total      2936403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          53     12.33%     12.33% |          52     12.09%     24.42% |          39      9.07%     33.49% |          57     13.26%     46.74% |          60     13.95%     60.70% |          63     14.65%     75.35% |          55     12.79%     88.14% |          51     11.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS |         115     13.39%     13.39% |         105     12.22%     25.61% |         125     14.55%     40.16% |          93     10.83%     50.99% |         104     12.11%     63.10% |         115     13.39%     76.48% |         107     12.46%     88.94% |          95     11.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX |           5     13.16%     13.16% |           3      7.89%     21.05% |           3      7.89%     28.95% |           1      2.63%     31.58% |           9     23.68%     55.26% |           9     23.68%     78.95% |           2      5.26%     84.21% |           6     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETX::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS |           2      3.51%      3.51% |           5      8.77%     12.28% |           9     15.79%     28.07% |           6     10.53%     38.60% |          13     22.81%     61.40% |           7     12.28%     73.68% |           7     12.28%     85.96% |           8     14.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Persistent_GETS::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         422     12.88%     12.88% |         422     12.88%     25.76% |         421     12.85%     38.60% |         423     12.91%     51.51% |         419     12.79%     64.30% |         386     11.78%     76.08% |         415     12.66%     88.74% |         369     11.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         3277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           5     12.82%     12.82% |           3      7.69%     20.51% |           3      7.69%     28.21% |           2      5.13%     33.33% |           8     20.51%     53.85% |           9     23.08%     76.92% |           2      5.13%     82.05% |           7     17.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           2      3.45%      3.45% |           5      8.62%     12.07% |           9     15.52%     27.59% |           6     10.34%     37.93% |          13     22.41%     60.34% |           7     12.07%     72.41% |           8     13.79%     86.21% |           8     13.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       50467     12.57%     12.57% |       50126     12.48%     25.05% |       50225     12.51%     37.55% |       50361     12.54%     50.09% |       50027     12.46%     62.55% |       50189     12.50%     75.04% |       50122     12.48%     87.52% |       50103     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       401620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           2     10.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           3     15.00%     55.00% |           3     15.00%     70.00% |           3     15.00%     85.00% |           3     15.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           6     37.50%     43.75% |           2     12.50%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           2     12.50%     68.75% |           2     12.50%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      204336     12.51%     12.51% |      201725     12.35%     24.86% |      204162     12.50%     37.36% |      203610     12.46%     49.82% |      206213     12.62%     62.44% |      205535     12.58%     75.03% |      204444     12.52%     87.54% |      203517     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      1633542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX |          26     10.32%     10.32% |          23      9.13%     19.44% |          37     14.68%     34.13% |          33     13.10%     47.22% |          34     13.49%     60.71% |          43     17.06%     77.78% |          26     10.32%     88.10% |          30     11.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETX::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS |          52     11.69%     11.69% |          41      9.21%     20.90% |          70     15.73%     36.63% |          59     13.26%     49.89% |          50     11.24%     61.12% |          61     13.71%     74.83% |          68     15.28%     90.11% |          44      9.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Transient_Local_GETS::total          445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           3     15.79%     26.32% |           4     21.05%     47.37% |           2     10.53%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           2     10.53%     68.42% |           4     21.05%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS |           4     10.26%     10.26% |           4     10.26%     20.51% |           5     12.82%     33.33% |           3      7.69%     41.03% |           5     12.82%     53.85% |           3      7.69%     61.54% |           6     15.38%     76.92% |           9     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Persistent_GETS::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |         221     12.10%     12.10% |         243     13.30%     25.40% |         232     12.70%     38.10% |         218     11.93%     50.03% |         227     12.42%     62.45% |         249     13.63%     76.08% |         218     11.93%     88.01% |         219     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total         1827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           3     15.79%     26.32% |           4     21.05%     47.37% |           2     10.53%     57.89% |           0      0.00%     57.89% |           2     10.53%     68.42% |           4     21.05%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS |           4     10.26%     10.26% |           4     10.26%     20.51% |           5     12.82%     33.33% |           3      7.69%     41.03% |           5     12.82%     53.85% |           3      7.69%     61.54% |           6     15.38%     76.92% |           9     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutStarverS::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers |       27906     12.50%     12.50% |       27879     12.49%     24.98% |       28047     12.56%     37.54% |       27864     12.48%     50.02% |       27995     12.54%     62.56% |       27942     12.51%     75.07% |       27977     12.53%     87.60% |       27686     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_TimeoutNoStarvers::total       223296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |      295229     12.47%     12.47% |      295561     12.48%     24.95% |      296911     12.54%     37.49% |      294165     12.42%     49.91% |      298786     12.62%     62.52% |      298417     12.60%     75.13% |      296327     12.51%     87.64% |      292713     12.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total      2368109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens |       27908     12.50%     12.50% |       27879     12.48%     24.98% |       28051     12.56%     37.54% |       27866     12.48%     50.02% |       27998     12.54%     62.56% |       27944     12.51%     75.07% |       27984     12.53%     87.60% |       27695     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_All_Tokens::total       223325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX |         113     14.43%     14.43% |         105     13.41%     27.84% |          99     12.64%     40.49% |         101     12.90%     53.38% |          94     12.01%     65.39% |         114     14.56%     79.95% |          74      9.45%     89.40% |          83     10.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETX::total          783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS |         178     13.57%     13.57% |         169     12.88%     26.45% |         162     12.35%     38.80% |         151     11.51%     50.30% |         160     12.20%     62.50% |         146     11.13%     73.63% |         150     11.43%     85.06% |         196     14.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Transient_Local_GETS::total         1312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX |          11     19.64%     19.64% |           6     10.71%     30.36% |           9     16.07%     46.43% |           2      3.57%     50.00% |           9     16.07%     66.07% |           6     10.71%     76.79% |           4      7.14%     83.93% |           9     16.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETX::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS |           7      6.80%      6.80% |          13     12.62%     19.42% |          14     13.59%     33.01% |          12     11.65%     44.66% |          17     16.50%     61.17% |          12     11.65%     72.82% |          17     16.50%     89.32% |          11     10.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Persistent_GETS::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        1476     12.65%     12.65% |        1469     12.59%     25.23% |        1414     12.12%     37.35% |        1472     12.61%     49.96% |        1488     12.75%     62.71% |        1412     12.10%     74.81% |        1504     12.89%     87.70% |        1436     12.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        11671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout |       11624     12.61%     12.61% |       11894     12.90%     25.51% |       11270     12.22%     37.74% |       11433     12.40%     50.14% |       11545     12.52%     62.66% |       11397     12.36%     75.02% |       11835     12.84%     87.86% |       11191     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Request_Timeout::total        92189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data_All_Tokens::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |      540740     12.62%     12.62% |      536206     12.52%     25.14% |      535853     12.51%     37.65% |      538273     12.57%     50.22% |      531691     12.41%     62.63% |      533394     12.45%     75.08% |      533657     12.46%     87.54% |      533781     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total      4283595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared |         191     13.94%     13.94% |         177     12.92%     26.86% |         174     12.70%     39.56% |         171     12.48%     52.04% |         167     12.19%     64.23% |         165     12.04%     76.28% |         160     11.68%     87.96% |         165     12.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Shared::total         1370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner |          16      9.09%      9.09% |          23     13.07%     22.16% |          17      9.66%     31.82% |          14      7.95%     39.77% |          23     13.07%     52.84% |          32     18.18%     71.02% |          27     15.34%     86.36% |          24     13.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Owner::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens |       50478     12.56%     12.56% |       50142     12.48%     25.05% |       50243     12.51%     37.55% |       50372     12.54%     50.09% |       50052     12.46%     62.55% |       50210     12.50%     75.05% |       50134     12.48%     87.52% |       50120     12.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_All_Tokens::total       401751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX |         159     12.09%     12.09% |         166     12.62%     24.71% |         160     12.17%     36.88% |         146     11.10%     47.98% |         165     12.55%     60.53% |         188     14.30%     74.83% |         169     12.85%     87.68% |         162     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETX::total         1315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS |         311     12.79%     12.79% |         291     11.97%     24.75% |         330     13.57%     38.32% |         303     12.46%     50.78% |         292     12.01%     62.79% |         312     12.83%     75.62% |         287     11.80%     87.42% |         306     12.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Transient_Local_GETS::total         2432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX |          12     13.04%     13.04% |           8      8.70%     21.74% |          20     21.74%     43.48% |          12     13.04%     56.52% |           7      7.61%     64.13% |          13     14.13%     78.26% |           7      7.61%     85.87% |          13     14.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETX::total           92                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS |          22     10.14%     10.14% |          25     11.52%     21.66% |          28     12.90%     34.56% |          21      9.68%     44.24% |          22     10.14%     54.38% |          40     18.43%     72.81% |          22     10.14%     82.95% |          37     17.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Persistent_GETS::total          217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |        2598     12.44%     12.44% |        2644     12.66%     25.09% |        2606     12.47%     37.57% |        2613     12.51%     50.07% |        2513     12.03%     62.10% |        2649     12.68%     74.78% |        2582     12.36%     87.14% |        2686     12.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total        20891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout |       20622     12.52%     12.52% |       19392     11.77%     24.29% |       21016     12.76%     37.05% |       20494     12.44%     49.50% |       20573     12.49%     61.99% |       20501     12.45%     74.43% |       21116     12.82%     87.25% |       20993     12.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Request_Timeout::total       164707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load  |          23     12.99%     12.99% |          24     13.56%     26.55% |          26     14.69%     41.24% |          22     12.43%     53.67% |          20     11.30%     64.97% |          22     12.43%     77.40% |          19     10.73%     88.14% |          21     11.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Load::total          177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store |          13     13.98%     13.98% |          14     15.05%     29.03% |          11     11.83%     40.86% |           7      7.53%     48.39% |          11     11.83%     60.22% |          11     11.83%     72.04% |          14     15.05%     87.10% |          12     12.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Store::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement |         159     14.80%     14.80% |         173     16.11%     30.91% |         158     14.71%     45.62% |         106      9.87%     55.49% |         130     12.10%     67.60% |          82      7.64%     75.23% |          93      8.66%     83.89% |         173     16.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_Replacement::total         1074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens |          29     23.77%     23.77% |          26     21.31%     45.08% |          15     12.30%     57.38% |          19     15.57%     72.95% |          14     11.48%     84.43% |           6      4.92%     89.34% |           9      7.38%     96.72% |           4      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Data_All_Tokens::total          122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX |          67     12.98%     12.98% |          67     12.98%     25.97% |          64     12.40%     38.37% |          69     13.37%     51.74% |          64     12.40%     64.15% |          58     11.24%     75.39% |          64     12.40%     87.79% |          63     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total          516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS |         132     12.54%     12.54% |         125     11.87%     24.41% |         125     11.87%     36.28% |         137     13.01%     49.29% |         131     12.44%     61.73% |         136     12.92%     74.64% |         129     12.25%     86.89% |         138     13.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total         1053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX |       11812     12.49%     12.49% |       11808     12.48%     24.97% |       11846     12.52%     37.50% |       11829     12.51%     50.00% |       11793     12.47%     62.47% |       11845     12.52%     74.99% |       11801     12.48%     87.47% |       11850     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX::total        94584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS |       21213     12.51%     12.51% |       21153     12.48%     24.99% |       21186     12.50%     37.49% |       21191     12.50%     49.99% |       21272     12.55%     62.54% |       21153     12.48%     75.02% |       21210     12.51%     87.54% |       21129     12.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS::total       169507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          32     13.06%     13.06% |          26     10.61%     23.67% |          37     15.10%     38.78% |          27     11.02%     49.80% |          31     12.65%     62.45% |          30     12.24%     74.69% |          26     10.61%     85.31% |          36     14.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement |           9      2.21%      2.21% |          44     10.81%     13.02% |          37      9.09%     22.11% |          48     11.79%     33.91% |          59     14.50%     48.40% |          43     10.57%     58.97% |          32      7.86%     66.83% |         135     33.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_Replacement::total          407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Data_Owner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Data_Owner::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.26%      5.26% |           2     10.53%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           3     15.79%     36.84% |           4     21.05%     57.89% |           4     21.05%     78.95% |           4     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Persistent_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          22     12.57%     12.57% |          22     12.57%     25.14% |          22     12.57%     37.71% |          21     12.00%     49.71% |          27     15.43%     65.14% |          19     10.86%     76.00% |          19     10.86%     86.86% |          23     13.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement |          99      7.18%      7.18% |         194     14.07%     21.25% |         165     11.97%     33.21% |          86      6.24%     39.45% |         253     18.35%     57.80% |         143     10.37%     68.17% |         198     14.36%     82.52% |         241     17.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.L1_Replacement::total         1379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     10.00%     10.00% |           3     15.00%     25.00% |           4     20.00%     45.00% |           8     40.00%     85.00% |           3     15.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Persistent_GETS::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          31     12.30%     12.30% |          33     13.10%     25.40% |          34     13.49%     38.89% |          21      8.33%     47.22% |          37     14.68%     61.90% |          29     11.51%     73.41% |          35     13.89%     87.30% |          32     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout |          47     10.93%     10.93% |         112     26.05%     36.98% |          40      9.30%     46.28% |          27      6.28%     52.56% |          68     15.81%     68.37% |          24      5.58%     73.95% |          55     12.79%     86.74% |          57     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM_L.Request_Timeout::total          430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement |         356     13.13%     13.13% |         312     11.51%     24.64% |         417     15.38%     40.02% |         209      7.71%     47.73% |         223      8.23%     55.96% |         471     17.37%     73.33% |         259      9.55%     82.88% |         464     17.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.L1_Replacement::total         2711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Shared |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Shared::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Owner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_Owner::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Data_All_Tokens::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Transient_Local_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           4     20.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           1      5.00%     35.00% |           5     25.00%     60.00% |           3     15.00%     75.00% |           5     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      6.38%      6.38% |           2      4.26%     10.64% |           3      6.38%     17.02% |           7     14.89%     31.91% |          12     25.53%     57.45% |           7     14.89%     72.34% |          13     27.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Persistent_GETS::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock |          57     11.85%     11.85% |          57     11.85%     23.70% |          74     15.38%     39.09% |          54     11.23%     50.31% |          49     10.19%     60.50% |          73     15.18%     75.68% |          47      9.77%     85.45% |          70     14.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock::total          481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout |         101     11.25%     11.25% |         110     12.25%     23.50% |          84      9.35%     32.85% |          89      9.91%     42.76% |          61      6.79%     49.55% |         187     20.82%     70.38% |          98     10.91%     81.29% |         168     18.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_L.Request_Timeout::total          898                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         403282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS_Last_Token           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         223328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_INV             680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       597244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Shared_Data          984      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_All_Tokens       624559      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Owned          387      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETX        13560      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Persistent_GETS        24310      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Own_Lock_or_Unlock        37532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       402023      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       222626      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_INV          500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Shared_Data          920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_All_Tokens       596054      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Writeback_Owned          278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Own_Lock_or_Unlock        32058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETS           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L1_GETX           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.L2_Replacement         5842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_All_Tokens          268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Writeback_Owned            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETX           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I.Persistent_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS_Last_Token           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement          850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_Shared_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Writeback_All_Tokens           57      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Persistent_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L1_INV             1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement          825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_Shared_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Writeback_All_Tokens          552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.O.Persistent_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          649      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       588961      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETX         2242      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Persistent_GETS         3962      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETS           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_GETX           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L1_INV          178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.L2_Replacement          765      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Shared_Data           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_All_Tokens        27628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Writeback_Owned          103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETX        11303      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Persistent_GETS        20327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock         5463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.L1_INV            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.L2_Replacement            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Writeback_Shared_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Writeback_Owned            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_L.Own_Lock_or_Unlock           11      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
