
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   107900000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  107900000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161691                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   161690                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               17527940                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 308804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      995346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        995346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            23168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             5440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                42944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         5440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           214717331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           100240964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            50417053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            11862836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             7710843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             5338276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             7710843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               397998146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      214717331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       50417053                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        5338276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          270472660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          214717331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          100240964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           50417053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           11862836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            7710843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            5338276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            7710843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              397998146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           672                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    43008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     43008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             75                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                  29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                       107872000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     672                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      269.744966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     188.953250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     233.682770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             43     28.86%     28.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           40     26.85%     55.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           25     16.78%     72.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17     11.41%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      5.37%     89.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      4.70%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      2.68%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.34%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      2.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        7242000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  19842000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      3360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10776.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29526.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         398.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      398.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        512                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   76.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       160523.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     710640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     387750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2776800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               34825860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy               30339750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 75652080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              745.478401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       52910500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        47852500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     385560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     210375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   2067000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                6611280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               31297275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy               33426750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 73998240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              729.280213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       59054500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF         3380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        42666000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                  81516                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted            78639                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             1206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups               78220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                  75547                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.582715                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    751                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          215801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             19984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        481810                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      81516                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             76298                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       165347                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   2711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2206                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                     7238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            188895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.550676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.226315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                   31263     16.55%     16.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   77878     41.23%     57.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                     817      0.43%     58.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                    1146      0.61%     58.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                     622      0.33%     59.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   73043     38.67%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                     702      0.37%     98.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                     447      0.24%     98.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                    2977      1.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              188895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.377737                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       2.232659                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                   15795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles                18848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   152228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                  669                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  1355                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts                470263                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  1355                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                   16424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                   2157                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15249                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   152226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles                 1484                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts                466822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                    20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                     9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands             319803                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups               930944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups          703631                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps               305659                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   14144                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               901                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                     4515                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              148895                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75333                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            72583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           72320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    390748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                967                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   387435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               23                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11146                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       188895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.051060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.134423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              34285     18.15%     18.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1               4265      2.26%     20.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              73704     39.02%     59.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              73391     38.85%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               1671      0.88%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                904      0.48%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                416      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                183      0.10%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 76      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         188895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     90     32.14%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    85     30.36%     62.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  105     37.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               164414     42.44%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              148348     38.29%     80.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              74673     19.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total                387435                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.795335                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        280                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            964068                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           404976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       385522                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses                387715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           71972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2476                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1355                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                   2123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   37                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             464714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               148895                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75333                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    42                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           331                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1113                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               386358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               148024                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                        72999                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      222560                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                   76623                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74536                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.790344                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                        385902                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                       385522                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                   228646                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                   231982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.786470                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.985620                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13812                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             1206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       186239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.420760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.150366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        34563     18.56%     18.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        75593     40.59%     59.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1959      1.05%     60.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          634      0.34%     60.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          503      0.27%     60.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        71729     38.51%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          522      0.28%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          250      0.13%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          486      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       186239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              450840                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps                450840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        220135                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       146419                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                     75603                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                   303990                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        72335     16.04%     16.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          158286     35.11%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         146503     32.50%     83.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         73716     16.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total           450840                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                  486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                      649244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                     931981                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     378421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                       378421                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.570267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.570267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.753565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.753565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                  690917                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                 311762                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      192                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                 224455                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                   564                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          141.011743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             148491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           868.368421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   141.011743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.275414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.275414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.330078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           599051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          599051                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        75429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        73130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             21                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       148559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          148559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       148559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         148559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         1084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         1084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16932500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16932500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35823993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35823993                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       460000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       460000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52756493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     52756493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52756493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     52756493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        75969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        75969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        73674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       149643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       149643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31356.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31356.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65852.928309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65852.928309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21904.761905                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21904.761905                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48668.351476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48668.351476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48668.351476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48668.351476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1048                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       439000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37229.508197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37229.508197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49388.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49388.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20904.761905                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20904.761905                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43173.184358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43173.184358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43173.184358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43173.184358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              323                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          240.334366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               6439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.486971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   240.334366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.469403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.469403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.568359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses            7852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst         6439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst         6439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            6439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst         6439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           6439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         7238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         7238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         7238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         7238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         7238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.110390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51100.125156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51100.125156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51100.125156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51100.125156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51100.125156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51100.125156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.084968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51416.260163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51416.260163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51416.260163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51416.260163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 51416.260163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51416.260163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                  53963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted            50167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             1346                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups               46229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                  44971                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.278764                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                    927                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          162372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             29926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        299894                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      53963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             45898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       123960                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   2845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1155                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    20576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            156476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.916550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.231802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                   52995     33.87%     33.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                   51987     33.22%     67.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                    5834      3.73%     70.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                    3448      2.20%     73.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                     958      0.61%     73.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                   34873     22.29%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                    1256      0.80%     96.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                     838      0.54%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                    4287      2.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              156476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.332342                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.846956                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                   18007                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles                50929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                    83026                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles                 3082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  1422                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts                283749                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  1422                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                   18719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                  22929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles         13387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                    84356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles                15653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts                280426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                 13898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents                    14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents               6                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands             198372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups               540599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups          420692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps               183271                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   15101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts              1203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                    20103                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               79058                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              37890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads            37399                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores           32713                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    233810                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5671                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   234514                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               46                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          14000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           653                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       156476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.498722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.383815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              56669     36.22%     36.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              19562     12.50%     48.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              37085     23.70%     72.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              36801     23.52%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3420      2.19%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1602      1.02%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                884      0.56%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                239      0.15%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                214      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         156476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     87     24.58%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     24.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    58     16.38%     40.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     59.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               114757     48.93%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     48.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               82569     35.21%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              37188     15.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                234514                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.444301                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        354                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001510                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            625904                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           253521                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       232777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                234868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           32465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1422                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                   6958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   66                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             277649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                79058                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               37890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    43                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1106                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                1587                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               233397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                77941                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                        38168                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                      115010                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                   47577                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                     37069                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.437421                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                        233106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                       232777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                   132706                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                   139339                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.433603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.952397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14853                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           5018                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             1346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       153761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.708866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.078798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        61362     39.91%     39.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        44235     28.77%     68.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5219      3.39%     72.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         5854      3.81%     75.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1519      0.99%     76.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32513     21.15%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          819      0.53%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          953      0.62%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1287      0.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       153761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts              262757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                262757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                        112449                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                        76228                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                       4303                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                     46487                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                   181057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        37276     14.19%     14.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          108729     41.38%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          80531     30.65%     86.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         36221     13.78%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total           262757                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                 1287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                      429498                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                     557934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           5896                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                       46085                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     221178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                       221178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.734124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.734124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.362168                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.362168                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                  405088                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes                 189742                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 116634                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.592984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              42361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1512.892857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    25.592984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.049986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.049986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           326938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          326938                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        44990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        35982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             13                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        80972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           80972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        80972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          80972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          170                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      8707500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8707500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       652500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       652500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12929500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12929500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12929500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12929500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        45451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        45451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        36152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           69                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        81603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        81603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        81603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        81603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.010143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18888.286334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18888.286334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24835.294118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24835.294118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11651.785714                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11651.785714                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20490.491284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20490.491284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20490.491284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20490.491284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          365                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1924500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1924500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1959500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1959500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       596500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       596500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811594                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12180.379747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12180.379747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18143.518519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18143.518519                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10651.785714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10651.785714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14601.503759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14601.503759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14601.503759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14601.503759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           85.488179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              19990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.980000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    85.488179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.166969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.166969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.224609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            21076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           21076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst        19990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          19990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst        19990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           19990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst        19990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          19990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14253000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14253000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     14253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst        20576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        20576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst        20576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        20576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst        20576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        20576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.028480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24322.525597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24322.525597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24322.525597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24322.525597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 24322.525597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24322.525597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          114                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           57                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           86                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11778500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11778500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11778500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11778500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     11778500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11778500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        23557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        23557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        23557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                  40179                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted            36730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             1284                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups               32851                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                  31814                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            96.843323                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                    891                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          162000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             38502                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        208114                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      40179                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             32705                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       119095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   2725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1151                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    29772                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  430                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            160123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.299713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.967894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                   78817     49.22%     49.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                   43234     27.00%     76.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                   10666      6.66%     82.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                    3447      2.15%     85.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                    1063      0.66%     85.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                   17019     10.63%     96.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                    1193      0.75%     97.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                     770      0.48%     97.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                    3914      2.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              160123                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.248019                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.284654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                   17927                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles                88037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                    47537                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles                 5250                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  1362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts                193193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  1362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                   18611                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                  44936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles         13295                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                    49321                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles                32588                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts                189743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                 29082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                    12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands             129905                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups               340650                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups          270570                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps               115581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   14324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts              1221                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1285                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                    37412                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               47453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              19802                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            23979                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores           14667                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    152040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   157175                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               54                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          13577                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11994                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           781                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       160123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.981589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.305622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              83163     51.94%     51.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              32837     20.51%     72.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              19129     11.95%     84.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              18742     11.70%     96.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3350      2.09%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1588      0.99%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                888      0.55%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                222      0.14%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                204      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         160123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     85     23.42%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     23.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    69     19.01%     42.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     57.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                82729     52.63%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     52.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               55347     35.21%     87.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              19099     12.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                157175                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.970216                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        363                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002310                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            474890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           175995                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       155491                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                157538                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           14398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                  11555                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   80                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             187117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                47453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               19802                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    44                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                1490                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               156065                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                46210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        24743                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                       65197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                   33975                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                     18987                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.963364                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                        155796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                       155491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                    82775                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                    89322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.959821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.926703                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          14525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           9553                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             1284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       157478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.095639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.783689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        92218     58.56%     58.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30640     19.46%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5207      3.31%     81.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10311      6.55%     87.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1532      0.97%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        14554      9.24%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          759      0.48%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          956      0.61%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1301      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       157478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts              172539                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                172539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                         62817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                        44631                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                       8825                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                     32966                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                   117894                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        23742     13.76%     13.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu           77155     44.72%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          53456     30.98%     89.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18186     10.54%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total           172539                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                 1301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                      342655                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                     376773                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                           1877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                       46457                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     139972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                       139972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.157374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.157374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.864025                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.864025                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                  255225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes                 121437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                  66781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           23.055357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              24315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           838.448276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    23.055357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.045030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           200189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          200189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        31354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        17953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17953                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           17                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             17                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        49307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           49307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        49307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          49307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           65                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          592                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6519500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6519500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3142000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3142000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       710000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       710000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      9661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      9661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        31795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        18104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           82                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        49899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        49899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        49899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        49899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.013870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.792683                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.792683                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.011864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14783.446712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14783.446712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20807.947020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20807.947020                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10923.076923                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10923.076923                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16320.101351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16320.101351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16320.101351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16320.101351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           65                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1750000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       645000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       645000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005358                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.792683                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792683                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9626.436782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9626.436782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18041.237113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18041.237113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9923.076923                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9923.076923                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12638.376384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12638.376384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12638.376384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12638.376384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              387                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           74.683777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs              29208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            58.887097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    74.683777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.145867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.145867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.212891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            30268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           30268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst        29208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          29208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst        29208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total           29208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst        29208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total          29208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst        29772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst        29772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total        29772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst        29772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total        29772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13868.794326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13868.794326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13868.794326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13868.794326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13868.794326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13868.794326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6709500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6709500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6709500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6709500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      6709500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6709500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13527.217742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13527.217742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13527.217742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13527.217742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13527.217742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13527.217742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                  59537                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted            56113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             1261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups               52336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                  51268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.959340                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                    894                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               231                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          161647                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             26901                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        335954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      59537                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             52162                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       130682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   2681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.NoActiveThreadStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to no active thread to fetch from
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1202                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    18139                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  423                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            160153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.097707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.240976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                   45773     28.58%     28.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                   56940     35.55%     64.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                    4846      3.03%     67.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                    3496      2.18%     69.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                    1060      0.66%     70.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                   42180     26.34%     96.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                    1201      0.75%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                     768      0.48%     97.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                    3889      2.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              160153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.368315                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       2.078319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                   16971                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles                42083                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                    97172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles                 2577                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  1340                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts                322134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  1340                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                   17645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                  17747                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles         12855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                    98257                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles                12299                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts                318864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents                 10783                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents                    17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.FullRegisterEvents               2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands             225541                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups               621446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups          481213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps               211532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   14009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts              1171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                    16730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               92339                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              45060                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads            43467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores           39931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    267326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   267770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          12807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        10139                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           551                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       160153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.671964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.354316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0              48755     30.44%     30.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1              16655     10.40%     40.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2              44376     27.71%     68.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              43948     27.44%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4               3484      2.18%     98.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5               1651      1.03%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                861      0.54%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                222      0.14%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                201      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total         160153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     86     25.67%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     25.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    40     11.94%     37.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  209     62.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu               128178     47.87%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead               95149     35.53%     83.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              44443     16.60%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                267770                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.656511                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                        335                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001251                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads            696028                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes           284773                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266078                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                268105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           39763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  1340                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                   5357                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                   49                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             316296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                92339                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               45060                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1094                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    36                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           466                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1001                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                1467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               266621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                91475                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             1149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                        44370                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                      135810                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                   53906                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                     44335                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.649403                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                        266372                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                       266078                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                   153535                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                   160065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.646044                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.959204                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          13497                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           4049                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             1261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       157643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.920440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.127029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        52663     33.41%     33.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        50442     32.00%     65.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5240      3.32%     68.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4903      3.11%     71.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         1534      0.97%     72.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        39716     25.19%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          903      0.57%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7          957      0.61%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         1285      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       157643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts              302744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                302744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                        133402                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                        89889                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                       3344                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                     52826                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                   208356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                 322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        43625     14.41%     14.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu          122373     40.42%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead          93233     30.80%     85.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         43513     14.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total           302744                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                 1285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                      472013                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                     634991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           1494                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.quiesceCycles                       46809                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     255775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                       255775                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.631989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.631989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.582306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.582306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads                  467282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes                 217631                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                      64                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads                 137439                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_writes                   648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           24.171664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              49547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               28                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1769.535714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    24.171664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.047210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.054688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           381069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          381069                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        51168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          51168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        43290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         43290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        94458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           94458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        94458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          94458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           49                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          691                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      8076500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8076500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3222500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3222500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       607500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       607500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data     11299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        51695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        43454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43454                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           59                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        95149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        95149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        95149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        95149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.010194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.830508                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.830508                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15325.426945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15325.426945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19649.390244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19649.390244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12397.959184                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12397.959184                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16351.664255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16351.664255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16351.664255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16351.664255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           49                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1719500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1719500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       558500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       558500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3087500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3087500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3087500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3087500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.830508                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830508                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9434.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9434.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15352.678571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15352.678571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11397.959184                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11397.959184                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12013.618677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.618677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12013.618677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12013.618677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           77.972544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              17573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            35.287149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    77.972544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.152290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.152290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.214844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            18637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           18637                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst        17573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst        17573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           17573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst        17573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          17573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      7887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst        18139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst        18139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        18139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst        18139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        18139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.031203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.031203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.031203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13934.628975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13934.628975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13934.628975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13934.628975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13934.628975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13934.628975                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      6839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13732.931727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13732.931727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13732.931727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13732.931727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13732.931727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13732.931727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  422.903421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       2336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     4.342007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.784815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      289.208824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       58.009977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       62.701446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        5.295227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        0.676960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        5.511844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.714328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.006453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.008209                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    25512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   25512                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           251                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           412                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           486                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           485                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              1634                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                  11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                485                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                 11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                75                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          364                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           88                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst           13                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             475                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             84                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               88                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7927500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1298500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1175000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1075000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11476000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28062500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6697000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       853500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       993000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     36606000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5987000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       551500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        82500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data        96500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      6717500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28062500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13914500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1257500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1171500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        54799500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28062500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     13914500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      6697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst       853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1257500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       993000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1171500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       54799500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          500                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          498                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          2109                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           80                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.961538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.591870                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.176000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.020161                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.026104                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.225225                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.724138                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.591870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.971264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.176000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.020161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.026104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.541667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.292869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.591870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.971264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.176000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.020161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.026104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.541667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.292869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84335.106383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99884.615385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 97916.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 89583.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87603.053435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77094.780220                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76102.272727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        85350                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76384.615385                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77065.263158                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79826.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78785.714286                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        82500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        96500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79970.238095                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77094.780220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82334.319527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76102.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        85350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 96730.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76384.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79419.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77094.780220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82334.319527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76102.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst        85350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 96730.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 76384.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90115.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79419.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          363                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           85                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       456500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       395500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       290997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       417000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1559997                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6987500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1168500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1055000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       955000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10166000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24396000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5728000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       584500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30708500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5237000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       481500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        72500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        86500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5877500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12224500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1127500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       584500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1041500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12224500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1127500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       584500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1041500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46752000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.880000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.170000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.170000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.285229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.590244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.170000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.018072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.541667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20815.789474                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20785.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20850                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20799.960000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74335.106383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89884.615385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87916.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 79583.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77603.053435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67206.611570                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 67388.235294                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 64944.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67195.842451                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69826.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68785.714286                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        72500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        86500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69970.238095                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67206.611570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72334.319527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 67388.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86730.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 64944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80115.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67206.611570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72334.319527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 67388.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 86730.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 64944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80115.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        42944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   42944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              243                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     990    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              926003                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3714925                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2768                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             670                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             284                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            284                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              403                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             403                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2109                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          660                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  6560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        39296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        11200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        32000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1022                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             4941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                   4941    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               4941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            2489462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            921499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            506002                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            751497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            425967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            748987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            449462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            748992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            400481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
