
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.922397                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1922397182500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1922397182500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1085217                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1085217                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            37124537063                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 372212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    51.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56195121                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56195121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            848768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24858048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25707776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       848768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          848768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7409088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7409088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                401684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               441515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12930756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13372770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          441515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             441515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3854088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3854088                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3854088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              441515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12930756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17226858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        401684                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115767                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      401684                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     115767                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25700352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7407168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25707776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7409088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          41682                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          15                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1922385313500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  401684                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115767                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    401554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     9305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        64336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      514.603333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     307.690032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     416.700723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15764     24.50%     24.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11265     17.51%     42.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5118      7.96%     49.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3016      4.69%     54.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2317      3.60%     58.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1789      2.78%     61.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1464      2.28%     63.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1374      2.14%     65.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22229     34.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          64336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        78.750735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2955.508201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5096     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.697980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.062005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       23.025558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4477     87.80%     87.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              19      0.37%     88.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27             190      3.73%     91.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              14      0.27%     92.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              27      0.53%     92.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              53      1.04%     93.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              14      0.27%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               3      0.06%     94.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               6      0.12%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               3      0.06%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               3      0.06%     94.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               3      0.06%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               8      0.16%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               3      0.06%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               2      0.04%     94.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              10      0.20%     94.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               4      0.08%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91              16      0.31%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95              21      0.41%     95.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              18      0.35%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103           148      2.90%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107            12      0.24%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.02%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.02%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.02%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             3      0.06%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.02%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             2      0.04%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             1      0.02%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             5      0.10%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             2      0.04%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             4      0.08%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             1      0.02%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             4      0.08%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             5      0.10%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-195             1      0.02%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             3      0.06%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-203             2      0.04%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             1      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             1      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             5      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2147063750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9676463750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2007840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5346.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24096.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     359411                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93558                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3715106.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  236030760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  128786625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1564680000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                372146400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           125561429760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            64059295815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1097244171000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1289166540360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.604667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1825128497250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     64192960000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33072782750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  250349400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  136599375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1567550400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                377829360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           125561429760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            65774789190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1095739352250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1289407899735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.730219                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1822618194250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     64192960000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     35583085750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9066440                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10312                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728817                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6357400                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1140                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291929                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15423840                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4973902                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      4997                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4978899                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3844794365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56195121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56195121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52066883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324259                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483708                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6469750                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52066883                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324259                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71341331                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38530727                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166418                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15476411                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9103258                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6373153                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3587818415.000134                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               256975949.999866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.066837                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.933163                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           8423975                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               3201032      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  36240615     64.48%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    61007      0.11%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   38081      0.07%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    3636      0.01%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  9330336     16.60%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6379227     11.35%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                 953006      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   56206940                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211964                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74896     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1932      1.05%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106217     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183176                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73529     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1932      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73529     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149121                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1858096797000     96.66%     96.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                92317000      0.00%     96.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               743733500      0.04%     96.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             63463601000      3.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1922396448500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692253                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814086                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4174      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175955     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6833      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5157      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192899                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5904                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1741                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2093                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1910                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1741                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   169                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323509                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080745                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392278                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46413360000      2.41%      2.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5233781000      0.27%      2.69% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1870749305500     97.31%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1390740                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.978175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14051600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1391252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.099968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         112405500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.978175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63162665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63162665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7816092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7816092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5853262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5853262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199225                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199225                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13669354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13669354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13669354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13669354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17244                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17244                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1374026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1374026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1374026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1374026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30729736500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30729736500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11677039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11677039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    228891000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    228891000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  42406775500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42406775500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  42406775500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42406775500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8885558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8885558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6157822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6157822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200248                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199225                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199225                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15043380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15043380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15043380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15043380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086113                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086113                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28733.719913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28733.719913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38340.684923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38340.684923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13273.660404                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13273.660404                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30863.153608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30863.153608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30863.153608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30863.153608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835293                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17244                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17244                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1374026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1374026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29660270500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29660270500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11372479000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11372479000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    211647000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211647000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41032749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41032749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41032749500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41032749500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1450110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1450110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2049565500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2049565500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3499676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3499676000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086113                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086113                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27733.719913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27733.719913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37340.684923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37340.684923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12273.660404                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12273.660404                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29863.153608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29863.153608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29863.153608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29863.153608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 209251.154401                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209251.154401                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 212390.207254                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212390.207254                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 211078.166466                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 211078.166466                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            928306                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.094938                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            55277964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            928817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.514376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       41861098500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.094938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.992373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          57135918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         57135918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55277964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55277964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55277964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55277964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55277964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55277964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       928977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        928977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       928977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         928977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       928977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        928977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13003041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13003041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13003041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13003041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13003041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13003041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56206941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56206941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56206941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56206941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56206941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56206941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13997.161394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13997.161394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13997.161394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13997.161394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13997.161394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13997.161394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       928977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       928977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       928977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12074064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12074064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12074064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12074064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12074064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12074064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12997.161394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12997.161394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12997.161394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12997.161394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12997.161394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12997.161394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           336199                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65288.878091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3929497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           401361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             9.790431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       7193890000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 55462.992848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4782.516669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  5043.368573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.846298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.076956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         37808402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        37808402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       835293                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       835293                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187720                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       915695                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       915695                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       814736                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       814736                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       915695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1002456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1918151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       915695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1002456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1918151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        13262                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        13262                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        402059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       402059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       220000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       220000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8944042500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8944042500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1062602000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1062602000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19687124500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19687124500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1062602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28631167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29693769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1062602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28631167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29693769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835293                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       835293                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304543                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       928957                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       928957                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1086710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1086710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       928957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1391253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2320210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       928957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1391253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2320210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383601                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383601                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014276                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014276                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16923.076923                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16923.076923                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76560.630184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76560.630184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80123.812396                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80123.812396                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72386.053446                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72386.053446                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80123.812396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73640.401032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73854.257708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80123.812396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73640.401032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73854.257708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        74255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            74255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          280                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13262                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13262                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       402059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       402059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       364500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       364500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7775812500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7775812500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929982000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    929982000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16967384500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16967384500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24743197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25673179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    929982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24743197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25673179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1363485500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1363485500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1938590500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1938590500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3302076000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3302076000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28038.461538                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28038.461538                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66560.630184                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66560.630184                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70123.812396                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70123.812396                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62386.053446                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62386.053446                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70123.812396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63640.401032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63854.257708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70123.812396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63640.401032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63854.257708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 196751.154401                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 196751.154401                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 200890.207254                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200890.207254                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 199160.193004                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199160.193004                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2022774                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       951075                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      1744381                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304543                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304543                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       928977                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1086883                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2786015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4205333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6991348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     59453248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142553556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          202006804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      419801                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      5075497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        1.082676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.275393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            4655873     91.73%     91.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2             419624      8.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        5075497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     3168054500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       235500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1393465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2098643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2706172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           216066756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.342844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1756461860000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.342844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.083928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.083928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21632883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21632883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4907244873                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4907244873                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21632883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21632883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21632883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21632883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125045.566474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125045.566474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118098.885084                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118098.885084                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125045.566474                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125045.566474                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125045.566474                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125045.566474                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12982883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12982883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2829644873                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2829644873                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12982883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12982883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12982883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12982883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75045.566474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75045.566474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68098.885084                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68098.885084                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75045.566474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75045.566474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75045.566474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75045.566474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            115767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1139625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1172785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1297602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30459136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30503700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33161428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              431                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            837831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  837831    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              837831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1285352189                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2143948368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           72076390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
