
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.007478                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     7477743                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    7477743                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  55999                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 494704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   133.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39616896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39616896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14262912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14262912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       619014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              619014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       222858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             222858                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0   5297975071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            5297975071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0   1907381947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1907381947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0   7205357017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           7205357017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      619014                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     222858                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    619014                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   222858                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39128896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  488000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                14179712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39616896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14262912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7625                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1271                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             76660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             76698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             76551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             76541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             76388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             75737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             76521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             76293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             27794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             27715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             27854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             27947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             27615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             27684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             27611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                       7477694                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                619014                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               222858                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   30619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   21608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   21168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   21090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   21077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   21062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   21058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   21066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                   21093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                   21154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                  21216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                  21198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                  21172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                  21133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                  21108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                  21027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                  20904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                  20906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                  21487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                  23388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                  20602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                  20540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                  20741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                  21239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                  19645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                  18906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                  17537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                  15162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                  11525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                   7226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                   3134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                    598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  13031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  45074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  13795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                   1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                    868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                    798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                    730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                    671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                    589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                    518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                    459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                    395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                    339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                    230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                    144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                     96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       218526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.940730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   202.557613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.343383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27688     12.67%     12.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        89723     41.06%     53.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57872     26.48%     80.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26451     12.10%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10879      4.98%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3968      1.82%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1341      0.61%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          429      0.20%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          175      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       218526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      45.695269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     42.662490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     16.142211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              23      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             32      0.24%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           113      0.84%      1.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          4738     35.41%     36.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          1503     11.23%     47.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           203      1.52%     49.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           634      4.74%     54.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          5455     40.77%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           357      2.67%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            64      0.48%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           108      0.81%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           135      1.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            7      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            3      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         13379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.560132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.517811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.258856                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10553     78.88%     78.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              460      3.44%     82.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              992      7.41%     89.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              891      6.66%     96.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              264      1.97%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              133      0.99%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22               30      0.22%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               28      0.21%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               10      0.07%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                5      0.04%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                5      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::27                3      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30                2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         13379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     70550973                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                82167364                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    3056945                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                       115.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                       5.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                  134.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      5232.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1896.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   5297.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1907.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        55.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    40.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   14.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                      20.98                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   399397                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  215016                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                97.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                          8.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1651436640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                917464800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7626864960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2296283904                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy            488217600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           5094267156                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             16255200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            18090790260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower           2420.220853                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE           43                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF        249600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT       7225222                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy            488217600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            161533440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           4343187600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             4992938640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            667.968993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7225220                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF        249600                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                         1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99963                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55272                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          56005                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99834                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55822                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99776                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          55915                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99692                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          55444                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99785                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55697                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99970                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55363                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99949                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55501                       # number of write accesses completed
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       630511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean      15.998455                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean     15.997198                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.125511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           8      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.00% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.01% |          16      0.00%      0.02% |          30      0.00%      0.02% |      630377     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        630511                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              630383                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean            1518.032252                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean            959.499725                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev           1631.948733                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      476249     75.55%     75.55% |      104634     16.60%     92.15% |       33558      5.32%     97.47% |       11149      1.77%     99.24% |        3515      0.56%     99.80% |         965      0.15%     99.95% |         254      0.04%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                630383                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples             113                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total               113                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         630270                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean       1518.304238                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       960.681660                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev      1631.968588                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      476136     75.54%     75.54% |      104634     16.60%     92.15% |       33558      5.32%     97.47% |       11149      1.77%     99.24% |        3515      0.56%     99.80% |         965      0.15%     99.95% |         254      0.04%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           630270                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits           17                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits           11                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits           13                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78801                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_hits           12                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_hits           15                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_hits           18                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78834                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_hits           15                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_misses        78813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        78828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         4623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       625658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       630281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock                3                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     5.804021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77439                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          618                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1682                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2          593                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77822                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157723                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       631232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5575608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       121104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4744                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5603184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1261784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     5.783951                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78626                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1682                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2          637                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77543                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79401                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5557392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       121104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5583096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1257472                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     5.804997                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77517                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1671                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157666                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          884                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79636                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       631040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5581224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       120312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5604768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1261328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         7072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     5.797244                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77434                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1644                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77741                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5575248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1260160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       636664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     5.774971                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78537                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          591                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2          605                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77478                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       156976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5551848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       114624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5578416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1255808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     5.805569                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78914                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77518                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1643                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77899                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157740                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79660                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       631312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5581296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       118296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5608728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1261920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     5.797184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77419                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1698                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2          613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77730                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157532                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79634                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5574168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       122256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5596560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1260256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     5.799150                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78813                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77381                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1676                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2          601                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       157568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          841                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79569                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5571432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       120672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5600808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1260544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       636552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized    76.915097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::0       630281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       619014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1238009                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4623                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1179                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       844704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1259899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       445727                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6644                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1255470                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5042248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4952112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     89136648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       332856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60818688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10079192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3565816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     10043760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized    30.960448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::1       619014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2       619012                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222858                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       445738                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       618989                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4952112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44568864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     16045776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3565904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4951912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized    15.424231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::0       630281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1       619014                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1238008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       844704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1259899                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       445727                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6644                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1255470                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5042248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4952112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     89136576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       332856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       478368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     60818688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     10079192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3565816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     10043760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3747895                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      3714032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data        13869                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        19932                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         9033                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2534112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5116899                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        19932                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         5490                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      3766419                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     29983160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    267410304                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data       998568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      1435104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        72264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    182456064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     40935192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       159456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        43920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     30131352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     5.285077                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77439                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          618                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78861                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5575608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     6.322964                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          837                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77822                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78862                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       631232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5603184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     5.266857                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          839                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78591                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5557392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     6.301046                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78626                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77543                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78593                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79401                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       629008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5583096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       635208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     5.283693                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77517                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78833                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          884                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5581224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         7072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     6.326301                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          884                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78833                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79636                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       631040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        63648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5604768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     5.278217                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77434                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78759                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5575248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     6.316271                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78801                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77741                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78761                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       636664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     5.259983                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          591                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78487                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5551848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     6.289959                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78537                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77478                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78489                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        54576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5578416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       634424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     5.285545                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77518                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          397                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78869                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5581296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     6.325592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78914                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77899                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78871                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79660                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       631312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5608728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     5.279166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77419                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          868                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          401                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78765                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5574168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        62496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     6.315201                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77730                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78767                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79634                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        59760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5596560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       637072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     5.279166                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77381                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          380                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          841                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5571432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     6.319133                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78813                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          841                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        77789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        79569                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5600808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       636552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization    88.845137                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       630281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       619005                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       621846                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       629950                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222858                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       636480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5042248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44568360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44772912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5039600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1782864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5091840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization    64.985056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1       619014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       619004                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4623                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1179                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222858                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       629949                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222869                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6644                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       618990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4952112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44568288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       332856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     16045776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5039592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1782952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        53152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4951920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization    23.179414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       619014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222858                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222869                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       618989                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4952112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     16045776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1782952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4951912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization    38.741483                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       619012                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222869                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44568864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1782952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     5.285077                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77439                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          618                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          837                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5575608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     5.266877                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77186                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          839                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          379                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78591                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5557392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       628728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     5.283693                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77517                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          787                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78833                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          884                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5581224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        56664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         7072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     5.278217                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77434                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2          371                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78759                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5575248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     5.259983                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77109                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          591                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          364                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78487                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          758                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          241                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5551848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       627896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     5.285545                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77518                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2          397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78869                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          215                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5581296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     5.279166                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          868                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::2          401                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78765                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5574168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        37872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        62496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     5.279166                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        77381                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          595                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          835                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2          380                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        78784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0          841                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5571432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        42840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        60120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       630272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0         6728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization    88.845164                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::0       630281                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2       619005                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       621846                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       629950                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       636480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      5042248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     44568360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     44772912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5039600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1782864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      5091840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization    23.179421                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Request_Control::1       619014                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       222858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       222869                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       618990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      4952112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     16045776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1782952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4951920                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           405551                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean         1515.745704                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean         956.887751                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev        1630.119597                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      306443     75.56%     75.56% |       67414     16.62%     92.18% |       21499      5.30%     97.49% |        7123      1.76%     99.24% |        2233      0.55%     99.79% |         637      0.16%     99.95% |         165      0.04%     99.99% |          33      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             405551                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples           85                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          85    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total             85                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       405466                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean    1516.063248                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    958.265580                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1630.142896                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      306358     75.56%     75.56% |       67414     16.63%     92.18% |       21499      5.30%     97.49% |        7123      1.76%     99.24% |        2233      0.55%     99.79% |         637      0.16%     99.95% |         165      0.04%     99.99% |          33      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        405466                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           224832                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean         1522.156717                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean         964.229234                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev        1635.238490                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |      169806     75.53%     75.53% |       37220     16.55%     92.08% |       12059      5.36%     97.44% |        4026      1.79%     99.23% |        1282      0.57%     99.80% |         328      0.15%     99.95% |          89      0.04%     99.99% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             224832                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total             28                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224804                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean    1522.346182                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    965.054817                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev   1635.252193                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      169778     75.52%     75.52% |       37220     16.56%     92.08% |       12059      5.36%     97.44% |        4026      1.79%     99.23% |        1282      0.57%     99.80% |         328      0.15%     99.95% |          89      0.04%     99.99% |          17      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224804                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX          222890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS          396129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX          222746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS          123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock       144127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock       251986      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       222876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback       222858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       619012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       222858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX         79910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS        144128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack       222562      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX        142975      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS        252001      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack          123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX        222746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS          123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock       144127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data       144128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack          121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock       251986      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data       251999      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       222876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data       222885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback       222735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback          123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       50900     12.55%     12.55% |       50461     12.44%     24.99% |       50704     12.50%     37.49% |       50606     12.48%     49.96% |       50654     12.49%     62.45% |       50706     12.50%     74.95% |       50791     12.52%     87.47% |       50819     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       405641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       28059     12.48%     12.48% |       28178     12.53%     25.01% |       28195     12.54%     37.55% |       28217     12.55%     50.09% |       27915     12.41%     62.51% |       28228     12.55%     75.06% |       28048     12.47%     87.53% |       28039     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       224879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     9483693     12.49%     12.49% |     9495098     12.51%     25.00% |     9483884     12.49%     37.50% |     9488708     12.50%     50.00% |     9494918     12.51%     62.51% |     9484032     12.50%     75.00% |     9485017     12.50%     87.50% |     9487063     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     75902413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         198     15.73%     15.73% |         150     11.91%     27.64% |         147     11.68%     39.32% |         166     13.19%     52.50% |         131     10.41%     62.91% |         132     10.48%     73.39% |         178     14.14%     87.53% |         157     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         673     11.88%     11.88% |         727     12.83%     24.71% |         779     13.75%     38.46% |         700     12.36%     50.82% |         656     11.58%     62.40% |         699     12.34%     74.74% |         692     12.22%     86.95% |         739     13.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         5665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         229     12.50%     12.50% |         258     14.08%     26.58% |         228     12.45%     39.03% |         228     12.45%     51.47% |         241     13.16%     64.63% |         215     11.74%     76.36% |         212     11.57%     87.94% |         221     12.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         364     12.09%     12.09% |         379     12.59%     24.68% |         355     11.79%     36.47% |         371     12.32%     48.79% |         364     12.09%     60.88% |         397     13.18%     74.06% |         401     13.32%     87.38% |         380     12.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         3011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       50644     12.54%     12.54% |       50242     12.44%     24.98% |       50484     12.50%     37.48% |       50411     12.48%     49.96% |       50443     12.49%     62.45% |       50494     12.50%     74.95% |       50589     12.53%     87.48% |       50582     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       403889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       28258     12.48%     12.48% |       28382     12.54%     25.02% |       28394     12.54%     37.56% |       28387     12.54%     50.10% |       28091     12.41%     62.51% |       28416     12.55%     75.06% |       28224     12.47%     87.53% |       28229     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       226381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         639     12.40%     12.40% |         648     12.58%     24.98% |         630     12.23%     37.20% |         648     12.58%     49.78% |         663     12.87%     62.64% |         634     12.30%     74.95% |         667     12.94%     87.89% |         624     12.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         5153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       77985     12.52%     12.52% |       77673     12.47%     24.99% |       77972     12.52%     37.51% |       77878     12.50%     50.01% |       77584     12.46%     62.46% |       78015     12.52%     74.99% |       77884     12.50%     87.49% |       77923     12.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       622914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |         237     12.59%     12.59% |         270     14.35%     26.94% |         231     12.27%     39.21% |         233     12.38%     51.59% |         240     12.75%     64.35% |         220     11.69%     76.04% |         214     11.37%     87.41% |         237     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total         1882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       28041     12.47%     12.47% |       28175     12.53%     25.01% |       28188     12.54%     37.55% |       28209     12.55%     50.09% |       27894     12.41%     62.50% |       28222     12.55%     75.06% |       28042     12.47%     87.53% |       28033     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       224804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       28257     12.48%     12.48% |       28381     12.54%     25.02% |       28394     12.54%     37.56% |       28386     12.54%     50.10% |       28091     12.41%     62.51% |       28416     12.55%     75.06% |       28224     12.47%     87.53% |       28228     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total       226377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       50863     12.54%     12.54% |       50450     12.44%     24.99% |       50692     12.50%     37.49% |       50590     12.48%     49.96% |       50642     12.49%     62.45% |       50690     12.50%     74.95% |       50773     12.52%     87.48% |       50780     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       405480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       28037     12.47%     12.47% |       28174     12.53%     25.01% |       28185     12.54%     37.55% |       28206     12.55%     50.09% |       27891     12.41%     62.50% |       28223     12.56%     75.06% |       28039     12.47%     87.53% |       28028     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       224783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |          49     12.25%     12.25% |          46     11.50%     23.75% |          58     14.50%     38.25% |          46     11.50%     49.75% |          54     13.50%     63.25% |          53     13.25%     76.50% |          51     12.75%     89.25% |          43     10.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |           5     11.63%     11.63% |           5     11.63%     23.26% |           2      4.65%     27.91% |           8     18.60%     46.51% |           6     13.95%     60.47% |           7     16.28%     76.74% |           4      9.30%     86.05% |           6     13.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           4     14.29%     14.29% |           2      7.14%     21.43% |           3     10.71%     32.14% |           5     17.86%     50.00% |           4     14.29%     64.29% |           1      3.57%     67.86% |           4     14.29%     82.14% |           5     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       50633     12.54%     12.54% |       50232     12.44%     24.98% |       50466     12.50%     37.48% |       50398     12.48%     49.96% |       50426     12.49%     62.45% |       50484     12.50%     74.95% |       50577     12.53%     87.48% |       50570     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       403786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |          34      9.86%      9.86% |          42     12.17%     22.03% |          40     11.59%     33.62% |          54     15.65%     49.28% |          46     13.33%     62.61% |          39     11.30%     73.91% |          46     13.33%     87.25% |          44     12.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           7     10.00%     10.00% |           7     10.00%     20.00% |          13     18.57%     38.57% |           8     11.43%     50.00% |          13     18.57%     68.57% |           9     12.86%     81.43% |           7     10.00%     91.43% |           6      8.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         216     13.75%     13.75% |         207     13.18%     26.93% |         205     13.05%     39.97% |         178     11.33%     51.30% |         197     12.54%     63.84% |         192     12.22%     76.07% |         182     11.58%     87.65% |         194     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         1571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |         615     13.91%     13.91% |         674     15.25%     29.16% |         416      9.41%     38.57% |         664     15.02%     53.59% |         423      9.57%     63.15% |         432      9.77%     72.92% |         708     16.01%     88.94% |         489     11.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total         4421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         217     13.76%     13.76% |         207     13.13%     26.89% |         206     13.06%     39.95% |         178     11.29%     51.24% |         197     12.49%     63.73% |         194     12.30%     76.03% |         182     11.54%     87.57% |         196     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         1577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           2     16.67%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       27998     12.47%     12.47% |       28135     12.53%     25.01% |       28143     12.54%     37.54% |       28170     12.55%     50.09% |       27852     12.41%     62.50% |       28179     12.55%     75.06% |       27998     12.47%     87.53% |       27996     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       224471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          18     16.67%     16.67% |          13     12.04%     28.70% |          10      9.26%     37.96% |          16     14.81%     52.78% |          17     15.74%     68.52% |          11     10.19%     78.70% |          13     12.04%     90.74% |          10      9.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |          23     10.45%     10.45% |          26     11.82%     22.27% |          35     15.91%     38.18% |          22     10.00%     48.18% |          24     10.91%     59.09% |          33     15.00%     74.09% |          31     14.09%     88.18% |          26     11.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           5     16.67%     16.67% |           4     13.33%     30.00% |           4     13.33%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |           3     10.00%     53.33% |           4     13.33%     66.67% |           6     20.00%     86.67% |           4     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           5     26.32%     42.11% |           3     15.79%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           3     15.79%     89.47% |           2     10.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |      614557     12.39%     12.39% |      624744     12.60%     24.99% |      620278     12.51%     37.50% |      619663     12.50%     50.00% |      617359     12.45%     62.45% |      624334     12.59%     75.04% |      616558     12.43%     87.47% |      621312     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total      4958805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |          16     20.51%     20.51% |           7      8.97%     29.49% |           9     11.54%     41.03% |          13     16.67%     57.69% |           7      8.97%     66.67% |           5      6.41%     73.08% |          11     14.10%     87.18% |          10     12.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          18      9.18%      9.18% |          27     13.78%     22.96% |          31     15.82%     38.78% |          10      5.10%     43.88% |          22     11.22%     55.10% |          16      8.16%     63.27% |          29     14.80%     78.06% |          43     21.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       28040     12.47%     12.47% |       28174     12.53%     25.01% |       28188     12.54%     37.55% |       28208     12.55%     50.09% |       27894     12.41%     62.50% |       28222     12.55%     75.06% |       28042     12.47%     87.53% |       28032     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       224800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |     3142534     12.42%     12.42% |     3189279     12.61%     25.03% |     3181669     12.58%     37.61% |     3168666     12.53%     50.14% |     3169793     12.53%     62.67% |     3146174     12.44%     75.11% |     3174181     12.55%     87.66% |     3121138     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total     25293434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         150     12.73%     12.73% |         146     12.39%     25.13% |         138     11.71%     36.84% |         132     11.21%     48.05% |         126     10.70%     58.74% |         168     14.26%     73.01% |         156     13.24%     86.25% |         162     13.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         1178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       28037     12.47%     12.47% |       28173     12.53%     25.01% |       28185     12.54%     37.55% |       28204     12.55%     50.09% |       27890     12.41%     62.50% |       28221     12.56%     75.06% |       28038     12.47%     87.53% |       28028     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       224776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement |         832     18.94%     18.94% |         356      8.11%     27.05% |         284      6.47%     33.52% |        1170     26.64%     60.15% |         560     12.75%     72.91% |           9      0.20%     73.11% |         660     15.03%     88.14% |         521     11.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.L1_Replacement::total         4392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |           4     14.29%     14.29% |           2      7.14%     21.43% |           3     10.71%     32.14% |           5     17.86%     50.00% |           4     14.29%     64.29% |           1      3.57%     67.86% |           4     14.29%     82.14% |           5     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement |       21904     12.45%     12.45% |       21851     12.42%     24.88% |       21871     12.44%     37.31% |       22098     12.56%     49.88% |       21586     12.27%     62.15% |       22210     12.63%     74.78% |       22828     12.98%     87.76% |       21527     12.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.L1_Replacement::total       175875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         214     11.67%     11.67% |         233     12.71%     24.39% |         217     11.84%     36.22% |         239     13.04%     49.26% |         238     12.98%     62.25% |         229     12.49%     74.74% |         245     13.37%     88.11% |         218     11.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       28041     12.47%     12.47% |       28175     12.53%     25.01% |       28188     12.54%     37.55% |       28209     12.55%     50.09% |       27894     12.41%     62.50% |       28222     12.55%     75.06% |       28042     12.47%     87.53% |       28033     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       224804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |     5624355     12.54%     12.54% |     5579574     12.44%     24.99% |     5580493     12.45%     37.44% |     5597655     12.48%     49.92% |     5606668     12.51%     62.43% |     5611964     12.52%     74.94% |     5591274     12.47%     87.41% |     5643272     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total     44835255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       50644     12.54%     12.54% |       50242     12.44%     24.98% |       50484     12.50%     37.48% |       50411     12.48%     49.96% |       50443     12.49%     62.45% |       50494     12.50%     74.95% |       50589     12.53%     87.48% |       50582     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       403889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |         217     13.76%     13.76% |         207     13.13%     26.89% |         206     13.06%     39.95% |         178     11.29%     51.24% |         197     12.49%     63.73% |         194     12.30%     76.03% |         182     11.54%     87.57% |         196     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         1577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |          14     42.42%     42.42% |           1      3.03%     45.45% |           2      6.06%     51.52% |           4     12.12%     63.64% |           2      6.06%     69.70% |           4     12.12%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           2      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |          14     38.89%     38.89% |           1      2.78%     41.67% |           1      2.78%     44.44% |           1      2.78%     47.22% |          18     50.00%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS |         364     12.51%     12.51% |         387     13.30%     25.82% |         390     13.41%     39.22% |         363     12.48%     51.70% |         335     11.52%     63.22% |         374     12.86%     76.07% |         318     10.93%     87.01% |         378     12.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Fwd_GETS::total         2909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv    |         222     12.60%     12.60% |         251     14.25%     26.84% |         215     12.20%     39.05% |         220     12.49%     51.53% |         228     12.94%     64.47% |         206     11.69%     76.16% |         205     11.63%     87.80% |         215     12.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Inv::total         1762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |         639     12.42%     12.42% |         648     12.60%     25.02% |         628     12.21%     37.24% |         646     12.56%     49.80% |         660     12.83%     62.63% |         633     12.31%     74.94% |         666     12.95%     87.89% |         623     12.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total         5143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       49771     12.54%     12.54% |       49332     12.43%     24.97% |       49623     12.50%     37.47% |       49531     12.48%     49.95% |       49536     12.48%     62.44% |       49643     12.51%     74.95% |       49704     12.52%     87.47% |       49732     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       396872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1     11.11%     22.22% |           5     55.56%     77.78% |           1     11.11%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Fwd_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         233     11.78%     11.78% |         245     12.39%     24.17% |         279     14.11%     38.27% |         246     12.44%     50.71% |         228     11.53%     62.23% |         233     11.78%     74.01% |         267     13.50%     87.51% |         247     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack |          15     11.63%     11.63% |          19     14.73%     26.36% |          18     13.95%     40.31% |          15     11.63%     51.94% |          14     10.85%     62.79% |          15     11.63%     74.42% |          10      7.75%     82.17% |          23     17.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Nack::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           9     20.93%     20.93% |           0      0.00%     20.93% |           2      4.65%     25.58% |           4      9.30%     34.88% |           0      0.00%     34.88% |           1      2.33%     37.21% |           0      0.00%     37.21% |          27     62.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |         163     15.31%     15.31% |         130     12.21%     27.51% |         127     11.92%     39.44% |         137     12.86%     52.30% |         107     10.05%     62.35% |         114     10.70%     73.05% |         153     14.37%     87.42% |         134     12.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total         1065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS |         233     11.77%     11.77% |         245     12.38%     24.15% |         279     14.10%     38.25% |         246     12.43%     50.68% |         228     11.52%     62.20% |         234     11.82%     74.03% |         268     13.54%     87.57% |         246     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS::total         1979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       27818     12.47%     12.47% |       27966     12.54%     25.02% |       27942     12.53%     37.55% |       27964     12.54%     50.09% |       27714     12.43%     62.51% |       28023     12.57%     75.08% |       27759     12.45%     87.53% |       27810     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       222996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           2     20.00%     40.00% |           3     30.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |         163     15.26%     15.26% |         130     12.17%     27.43% |         128     11.99%     39.42% |         137     12.83%     52.25% |         106      9.93%     62.17% |         116     10.86%     73.03% |         154     14.42%     87.45% |         134     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |         222     12.66%     12.66% |         251     14.32%     26.98% |         213     12.15%     39.13% |         218     12.44%     51.57% |         226     12.89%     64.46% |         205     11.69%     76.16% |         204     11.64%     87.79% |         214     12.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total         1753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         507058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         279665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         261494      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       477464      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          25916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        222882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data            619005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       396872      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       224974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       222858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         410103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       226377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       692278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       396129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       219634      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         1833      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       393626      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         3247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         2202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX       224062      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTS         1751      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTX          129      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTX         1848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only          130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS         2496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       392976      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only         1727      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement          123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only         3253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         2474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         1357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX          743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       222746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_GETS           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTX         1750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock          130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETS           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_GETX           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only         4234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA         1851      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS           75      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L2_Replacement           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETS          213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_GETX           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS        11912      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS        16637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETX         9094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       393625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETX           40      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock         3253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L2_Replacement        21222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETS           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L1_GETX           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock         1727      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.L2_Replacement         9208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS_only           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L2_Replacement           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS         6459      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX         3604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTX         1451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_PUTS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       222996      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.Unblock         1066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS          168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETX          106      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS_only        28467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_PUTS          179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTO            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.L1_PUTS_only           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          294      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX        31974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTS          164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         1982      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         1395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_PUTX           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTX           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_PUTS_only           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS        48694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETX        26518      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_PUTS         8091      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        396123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       396115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETS        21892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.L1_GETX        11836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        221033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETS          305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_GETX           84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS_only        28847      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.L1_PUTS          192      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         1849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETS         5508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_GETX         3044      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTX           97      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS_only        16704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.L1_PUTS          119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       222882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       222877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.L1_GETS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock          743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS           40      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock         2496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement        30447      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_PUTX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         1357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L2_Replacement        12703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L1_PUTS_only           43      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.L2_Replacement           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L2_Replacement          120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETS         1076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX          305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       222735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.L1_PUTS_only          344      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.L1_PUTS           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack          123      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
