
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.062104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62103992500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                62103992500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 108853                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   191673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42789284                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 455804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1451.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988547                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             64832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1883648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1948480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        11776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             11776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              29432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1043926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             30330546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                31374472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1043926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1043926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            189617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 189617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            189617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1043926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            30330546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               31564090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         30446                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                          184                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       30446                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                        184                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  1943488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      5056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     10368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   1948544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                  11776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       79                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                1927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                1901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                1937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               1805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               1796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               1819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               1778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                  25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                  94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                  13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     62103972000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   30446                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    184                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         2720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      718.117647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     516.851204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     389.329010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            349     12.83%     12.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          252      9.26%     22.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          126      4.63%     26.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          106      3.90%     30.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          106      3.90%     34.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          118      4.34%     38.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           88      3.24%     42.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      2.72%     44.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1501     55.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           2720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples             9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean      3367.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       25.147360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10062.626521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023              8     88.89%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total               9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples             9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean               18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                  9    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total               9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      131808750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 701190000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    151835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        4340.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23090.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          31.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       31.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        13.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      27697                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  58.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2027553.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      91.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   10848600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                    5919375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 122421000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                   997920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             4056274560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             2874471525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            34740567750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              41811500730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              673.256335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    57777967000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      2073760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      2251676750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                    9714600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                    5300625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 114371400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                    51840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             4056274560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             3081237030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            34559194500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              41826144555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              673.492132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    57475856750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2073760000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      2554341750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37407153                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37407153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            797525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             21397569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                21291133                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.502579                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5522199                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               5378                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        124207986                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           28243826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      201531916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    37407153                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           26813332                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      95053081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1666271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                          3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         14570                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  27854872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                208775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          124145503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.860655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.369153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 63227150     50.93%     50.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  3664165      2.95%     53.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  3505505      2.82%     56.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  5966108      4.81%     61.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  7642313      6.16%     67.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  5450974      4.39%     72.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  3347715      2.70%     74.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  2079081      1.67%     76.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 29262492     23.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            124145503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.301165                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.622536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 13298609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              63688691                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  36532978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               9792090                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 833135                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              335053232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 833135                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 18606460                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                 8830273                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          16174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  40807487                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              55051974                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              328692220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  2265                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 765831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               48323645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                4961410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           330669691                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups             873156420                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups        537756143                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               567                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             279212747                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 51456944                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                481                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            481                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  66169497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            106330183                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            36531613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads          49817317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          8395275                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  325507363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                2500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 308019505                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             50533                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        47317399                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68952386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           2055                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     124145503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.481117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.143684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            30872061     24.87%     24.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            19525697     15.73%     40.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            16787256     13.52%     54.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            17357634     13.98%     68.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            14846406     11.96%     80.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            12689504     10.22%     90.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             6302474      5.08%     95.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             3917362      3.16%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             1847109      1.49%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       124145503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  329941      8.31%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      8.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                3456308     87.04%     95.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                184474      4.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             33338      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             175410718     56.95%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                11212      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   340      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  38      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             98529790     31.99%     88.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            34034069     11.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              308019505                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.479869                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3970723                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.012891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          744205245                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         372866875                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    306008038                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 524                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                864                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          168                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              311956642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     248                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         58273942                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     15550798                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        67136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        41716                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5091861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3678                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        142532                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 833135                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 5706209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               3030570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           325509863                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            125935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             106330183                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             36531613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                471                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   2800                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3033928                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          41716                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         402612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       445047                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               847659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             306958421                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              98183223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1061084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    132003276                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 31537655                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                   33820053                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.471326                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      306335531                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     306008206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 231609196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                 336109097                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.463676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.689089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        47420049                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            798401                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    117693042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.363712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.086908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     53351319     45.33%     45.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15952359     13.55%     58.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10962553      9.31%     68.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8763534      7.45%     75.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1923790      1.63%     77.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1729278      1.47%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       853123      0.72%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       692579      0.59%     80.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23464507     19.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    117693042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            157988547                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              278192464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      122219137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      90779385                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   29309705                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         40                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 278169481                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              4237596                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        16695      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        155945353     56.06%     56.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           10938      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              329      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             12      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        90779385     32.63%     88.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       31439752     11.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         278192464                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              23464507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    419841048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   657686557                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           62483                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192464                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.786183                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.786183                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.271968                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.271968                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                493729388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               240917610                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       146                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                       96                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 107705980                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                 64576396                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               196329384                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2072430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4068.090496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            68424035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2076526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             32.951206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       19739908500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4068.090496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         144493228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        144493228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     37078222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        37078222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31345813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31345813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      68424035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         68424035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     68424035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        68424035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2690377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2690377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        93939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        93939                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2784316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2784316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2784316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2784316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  32316565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32316565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2955969494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2955969494                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  35272534494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35272534494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  35272534494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35272534494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     39768599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39768599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     71208351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     71208351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     71208351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     71208351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12011.909483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12011.909483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31466.903991                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31466.903991                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12668.294293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12668.294293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 12668.294293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12668.294293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       221313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             43094                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.135587                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2066711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2066711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       695911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       695911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        11877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        11877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       707788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       707788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       707788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       707788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1994466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1994466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        82062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2076528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2076528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2076528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24203306500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24203306500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2798613994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2798613994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27001920494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27001920494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27001920494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27001920494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.050152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12135.231435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12135.231435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34103.653262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34103.653262                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13003.398218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13003.398218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13003.398218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13003.398218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                64                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           833.320748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            27853507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          26989.832364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   833.320748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.406895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.406895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.472656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          55710776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         55710776                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     27853507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        27853507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      27853507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         27853507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     27853507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        27853507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     98783500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98783500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     98783500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98783500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     98783500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98783500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     27854872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27854872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     27854872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     27854872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     27854872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     27854872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72368.864469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72368.864469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72368.864469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72368.864469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72368.864469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72368.864469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    72.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75724.806202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75724.806202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75724.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75724.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75724.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75724.806202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements              495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        20681.782708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            4035350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            30428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs           132.619627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 19745.210929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   683.118816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   253.452964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.602576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.020847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.631158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        29933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.913483                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         33312880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        33312880                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2066711                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2066711                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        53096                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        53096                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1993999                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1993999                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2047095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2047114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2047095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2047114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          437                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          437                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        29433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         30446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1013                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        29433                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        30446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2117372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2117372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76394500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     76394500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     33330500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     33330500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   2150702500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2227097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   2150702500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2227097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2066711                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2066711                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        82092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        82092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1032                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1994436                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1994436                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2076528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2077560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2076528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2077560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.353213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.353213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981589                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.981589                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73022.899710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73022.899710                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75414.116486                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75414.116486                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76271.167048                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76271.167048                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75414.116486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73071.127646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.083623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75414.116486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73071.127646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.083623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total              184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          437                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          437                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1827412000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827412000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66264500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66264500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     28980500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28980500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66264500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1856392500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66264500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1856392500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.353213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.981589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63022.899710                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63022.899710                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65414.116486                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65414.116486                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66316.933638                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66316.933638                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65414.116486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63071.807155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63149.740524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65414.116486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63071.807155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63149.740524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1995466                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2066895                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6085                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        82092                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        82092                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1032                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1994436                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6225475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6227603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        66048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    265167168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          265233216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                         495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      4150549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        1.000119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.010920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            4150054     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                495      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        4150549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4141738000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1548000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3114789000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        61108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        61108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1960192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1960192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1960192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             30664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   30664    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               30664                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            42854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          160427250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
