
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.417316                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                417315805000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               417315805000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  92447                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170945                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46657066                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 432180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8944.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826877109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            223744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24530944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24754688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       223744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          223744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18881856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18881856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             383296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                386792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          295029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               295029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               536150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             58782686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                59318836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          536150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             536150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          45245964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               45245964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          45245964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              536150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            58782686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              104564801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        386792                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       295029                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      386792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     295029                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24733440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     21248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18880128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24754688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18881856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         179000                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               24059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               26401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               24741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               23500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              22949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              23843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              23888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               18612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               18985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               19009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               18161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               19135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               19090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               18214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              18884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              17389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              16996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    417315698500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  386792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 295029                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    381444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       147495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      295.684816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     174.392327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     323.222401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          54844     37.18%     37.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40100     27.19%     64.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13710      9.30%     73.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7409      5.02%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5412      3.67%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3888      2.64%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3038      2.06%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2781      1.89%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16313     11.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         147495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.068928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      218.794243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17500     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            6      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.846668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.775279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.561224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17315     98.88%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             151      0.86%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              21      0.12%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31               5      0.03%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               3      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               1      0.01%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               2      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               3      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4302860250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11548985250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1932300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11134.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29884.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          59.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          45.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       59.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       45.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        22.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     318003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215951                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       612060.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  569562840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  310773375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1528737600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                980981280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            27256781760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            63486572355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           194697293250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             288830702460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              692.121537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   323337240250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     13934960000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     80039955000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  545136480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  297445500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1485127800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                930216960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            27256781760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            61714779795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           196251513750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             288481002045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              691.283509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   325936894250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     13934960000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     77440301000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               230117471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         230117471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           9743461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            131565165                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               128785895                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.887534                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                27740805                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1463511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        834631611                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          185091560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1269611575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   230117471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          156526700                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     638324625                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                20217139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                96744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        810626                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1773                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          110                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 179459083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               2721482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          834434550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.830059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.382636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                426827210     51.15%     51.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 33688698      4.04%     55.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 32854559      3.94%     59.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 33384869      4.00%     63.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 27147041      3.25%     66.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 27739461      3.32%     69.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 37019184      4.44%     74.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 33642570      4.03%     78.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                182130958     21.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            834434550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.275711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.521164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                127499737                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             374953474                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 240627559                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              81245211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               10108569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2225588633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               10108569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                159647168                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               159927889                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          39744                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 285634401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             219076779                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2175363345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                166678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              136608012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               24443504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               48002145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2279615876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5501425511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       3499355021                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             55759                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1614040854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                665575022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               3123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           2916                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 415832299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            528432376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           209864891                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         239237917                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         72205880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2101284212                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               24336                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1827034633                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            401491                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       572319847                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    974276898                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          23784                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     834434550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.189548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.072515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           254639697     30.52%     30.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           125724347     15.07%     45.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           119353828     14.30%     59.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           111074898     13.31%     73.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            92504387     11.09%     84.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            61470741      7.37%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            43061930      5.16%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            19202673      2.30%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             7402049      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       834434550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                11320186     42.67%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     42.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               12172571     45.88%     88.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               3037482     11.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2711288      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1211298887     66.30%     66.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               388808      0.02%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               3881058      0.21%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 134      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 33      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 403      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            435055867     23.81%     90.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           173698155      9.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1827034633                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.189031                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    26530239                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.014521                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4515402541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2673889112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1796964967                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               33005                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              70700                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         7229                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1850838268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   15316                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        185431148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    144332039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       211913                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       385225                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     60704705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        19195                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1040                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               10108569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               107095351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               6179627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2101308548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            404076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             528434196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            209864891                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               6959                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1875437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3414890                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         385225                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        5746544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4564008                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             10310552                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1805625643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             428837620                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          21408990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    599025712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                171773578                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170188092                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.163380                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1802216227                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1796972196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1368071729                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                2090120765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.153012                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.654542                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       572398548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           9828987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    756729949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.020521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.547401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    287871292     38.04%     38.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    175370720     23.17%     61.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57379665      7.58%     68.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     86292739     11.40%     80.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     27182541      3.59%     83.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     27109377      3.58%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      9779675      1.29%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8926185      1.18%     89.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     76817755     10.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    756729949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826877109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533262343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384102157                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149758583                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1526605509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17673145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1819099      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        989721889     64.73%     64.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          306834      0.02%     64.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          3878536      0.25%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       384102157     25.12%     90.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      149160186      9.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1528988701                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              76817755                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2781299443                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4280666670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            2296                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          197061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1528988701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.009378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.009378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.990709                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.990709                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2762055581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1465119637                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      7518                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      448                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 600894138                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                409652534                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               990211728                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2534268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4088.022618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           387933013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2538364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            152.827968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1679458500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4088.022618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         784997698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        784997698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    239283827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       239283827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148189705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148189705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     387473532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        387473532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    387473532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       387473532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2785638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2785638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       970497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       970497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3756135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3756135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3756135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3756135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  59461217500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59461217500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30522057998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30522057998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  89983275498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  89983275498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  89983275498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  89983275498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    242069465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    242069465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    391229667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    391229667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    391229667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    391229667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006506                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006506                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21345.636978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21345.636978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31449.925139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31449.925139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23956.347548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23956.347548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23956.347548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23956.347548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11065                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.345439                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     9.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2332624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2332624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1017670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1017670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        19246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1036916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1036916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1036916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1036916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1767968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1767968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       951251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       951251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2719219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2719219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2719219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2719219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33611924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33611924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29320675500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29320675500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  62932599500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62932599500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  62932599500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62932599500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19011.613332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19011.613332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30823.279555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30823.279555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23143.630395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23143.630395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23143.630395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23143.630395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6980                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1050.498551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           179263698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          20917.584364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1050.498551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.512939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.512939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1590                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.776367                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         359107751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        359107751                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    179266886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       179266886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     179266886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        179266886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    179266886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       179266886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       192197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        192197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       192197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         192197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       192197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        192197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1252320498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1252320498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1252320498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1252320498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1252320498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1252320498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    179459083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179459083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    179459083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179459083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    179459083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179459083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6515.817094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6515.817094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6515.817094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6515.817094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  6515.817094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6515.817094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1416                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       189586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       189586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       189586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       189586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       189586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       189586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    945150498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    945150498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    945150498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    945150498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    945150498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    945150498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4985.339097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4985.339097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4985.339097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4985.339097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4985.339097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4985.339097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           354113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29616.739115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3899842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           386474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            10.090826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     197713230000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 20951.203852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   251.356614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8414.178648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.639380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.007671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.256780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987579                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         43221136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        43221136                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2332624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2332624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1893                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1893                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       564122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       564122                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         5120                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5120                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1590908                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1590908                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         5120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2155030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2160150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2155030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2160150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data       178962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       178962                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         3498                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3498                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       176672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       176672                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       383334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        386832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       383334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       386832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     13321000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     13321000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16381444000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16381444000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    284753500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    284753500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14216734500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14216734500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    284753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  30598178500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30882932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    284753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  30598178500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30882932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2332624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2332624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data       180855                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       180855                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       770784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       770784                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8618                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1767580                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1767580                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         8618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2538364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2546982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         8618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2538364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2546982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989533                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989533                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.268119                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.405895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.405895                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.099951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.405895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.405895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data    74.434796                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    74.434796                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79266.841509                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79266.841509                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81404.659806                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81404.659806                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80469.652803                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80469.652803                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81404.659806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79821.196398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79835.515159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81404.659806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79821.196398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79835.515159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       295029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           295029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         2030                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         2030                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       178962                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       178962                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3497                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3497                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       176672                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       176672                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       386831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       386831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3764941068                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3764941068                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14314824000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14314824000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    249717000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249717000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12450014500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12450014500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    249717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26764838500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27014555500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    249717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26764838500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27014555500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.989533                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989533                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.405779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.405779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.405779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21037.656419                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21037.656419                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69266.841509                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69266.841509                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71408.921933                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71408.921933                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70469.652803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70469.652803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71408.921933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69821.196398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69835.549633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71408.921933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69821.196398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69835.549633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1957165                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2627653                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       256317                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       180855                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       180855                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       770784                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       770784                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       189586                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1767580                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       204722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7961776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8166498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       551488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    311743232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312294720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      535081                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      5804166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        1.061010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.239349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            5450053     93.90%     93.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2             354113      6.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        5804166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5083850495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     284382490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3897973573                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             180168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            295029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            57519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           179000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          179000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        180168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1484132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1484132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1484132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43636544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     43636544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43636544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            918340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  918340    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              918340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2219848930                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2404009566                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
