
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.962608                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1962608482500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1962608482500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1019388                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1019388                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            32859851956                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 375280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    59.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60884587                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60884587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           831936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24730240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            31616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           435904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26030656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       831936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        31616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          863552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7705152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7705152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            386410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                406729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120393                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              423893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12600700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               16109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              222104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13263295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         423893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          16109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             440002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3925975                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3925975                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3925975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             423893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12600700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              16109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             222104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17189270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        406729                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120393                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      406729                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     120393                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26023296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7703744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26030656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7705152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          48492                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1962561950500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  406729                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120393                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    406538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        67016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      503.268473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     299.027850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     415.161234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          16754     25.00%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12205     18.21%     43.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5432      8.11%     51.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3034      4.53%     55.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2418      3.61%     59.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1895      2.83%     62.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1494      2.23%     64.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1474      2.20%     66.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22310     33.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          67016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        75.845178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2883.640505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5358     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.453087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.909523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       23.339442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4763     88.85%     88.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31             210      3.92%     92.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39              83      1.55%     94.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              15      0.28%     94.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55               3      0.06%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63               2      0.04%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               8      0.15%     94.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               9      0.17%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87               7      0.13%     95.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95              35      0.65%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            171      3.19%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             7      0.13%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119             4      0.07%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             1      0.02%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             3      0.06%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             3      0.06%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             1      0.02%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             3      0.06%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             3      0.06%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             4      0.07%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             2      0.04%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             4      0.07%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             1      0.02%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             6      0.11%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231            10      0.19%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             1      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2204423500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9828436000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2033070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5421.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24171.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363741                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     96228                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3723164.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  249797520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  136298250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1579858800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                381555360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           128187633600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            65826808245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1119818638500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1316180590275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.630269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1862676833500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     65535600000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     34390001500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  256843440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  140142750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1591730400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                398448720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           128187633600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            66351904785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1119358027500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1316284731195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.683332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1861912025250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     65535600000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     35154809750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7500026                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7443                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490673                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5074087                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      813                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187452                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12574113                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8256                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678125                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3504450                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3508321                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3923838721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47783493                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47783493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             44315744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                211234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1203861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5612503                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    44315744                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       211234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60912860                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          33024751                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              102598                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             104462                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12614351                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7527207                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5087144                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3699336863.028799                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              224501857.971201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.057215                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.942785                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7204257                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2730537      5.71%      5.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 31447784     65.80%     71.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   52772      0.11%     71.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  25731      0.05%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1656      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7703007     16.12%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5093240     10.66%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                737366      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  47792093                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6802                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    165261                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   56971     40.19%     40.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1973      1.39%     41.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    419      0.30%     41.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  82246     58.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              141740                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    56429     49.08%     49.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.11%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1973      1.72%     50.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     419      0.36%     51.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   56010     48.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               114962                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1900835958000     96.89%     96.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               91198500      0.00%     96.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              757506500      0.04%     96.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              303704500      0.02%     96.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            59930963000      3.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1961919330500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990486                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.681006                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.811077                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  500      0.33%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3072      2.05%      2.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               134879     89.87%     92.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6699      4.46%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4337      2.89%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.25%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                150081                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6891                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1282                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1282                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1282                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.186040                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.313716                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1958152340000     99.82%     99.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3531530500      0.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3073                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1181794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.240594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11382177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1182212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.627865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        112405500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.240594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         51530574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        51530574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6418852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6418852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4665452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4665452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       140662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       140662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       148383                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       148383                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11084304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11084304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11084304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11084304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       939259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       939259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       251797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       251797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13671                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5399                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5399                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1191056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1191056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1191056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1191056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28901225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28901225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10875412500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10875412500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    150368000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    150368000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47710000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     47710000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39776637500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39776637500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39776637500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39776637500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7358111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7358111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4917249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4917249                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       154333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       154333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       153782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       153782                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12275360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12275360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12275360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12275360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035108                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035108                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30770.240157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30770.240157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43191.191714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43191.191714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10999.049082                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10999.049082                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8836.821634                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8836.821634                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33396.110258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33396.110258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33396.110258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33396.110258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       679941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           679941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       939259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       939259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       251797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13671                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13671                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5399                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5399                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1191056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1191056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1191056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1191056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17939                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17939                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27961966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27961966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10623615500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10623615500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136697000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136697000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42311000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42311000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38585581500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38585581500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38585581500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38585581500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1492228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1492228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2319869500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2319869500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3812097500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3812097500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088581                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088581                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035108                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035108                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29770.240157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29770.240157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42191.191714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42191.191714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9999.049082                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9999.049082                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7836.821634                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7836.821634                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32396.110258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32396.110258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32396.110258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32396.110258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 209877.355837                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209877.355837                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214227.490996                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214227.490996                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 212503.344668                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212503.344668                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           700401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.179347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           47091062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           700913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.185317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      42246954500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   508.179347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.992538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48493124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48493124                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     47091062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       47091062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     47091062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        47091062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     47091062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       47091062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       701031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       701031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       701031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        701031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       701031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       701031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10017639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10017639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10017639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10017639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10017639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10017639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47792093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47792093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47792093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47792093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47792093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47792093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14289.865926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.865926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14289.865926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.865926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14289.865926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.865926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       701031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       701031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       701031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       701031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       701031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       701031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9316608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9316608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9316608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9316608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9316608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9316608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13289.865926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.865926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13289.865926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.865926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13289.865926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13289.865926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2409623                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2992                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1749165                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      341                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105247                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4158788                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3333                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1960477                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1961693                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3925216965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13101094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13101094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12083765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                172106                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     409417                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1299945                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12083765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       172106                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           16637487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8868500                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               90075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              91936                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4182249                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2423870                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1758379                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3876316507.998025                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              48900457.001975                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012458                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987542                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1864071                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               700818      5.35%      5.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7749061     59.13%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   21359      0.16%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  14141      0.11%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1986      0.02%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2495218     19.04%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1759360     13.43%     97.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                362513      2.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  13104456                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2738                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     78185                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   26382     38.32%     38.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1969      2.86%     41.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    500      0.73%     41.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  40003     58.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               68854                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    25547     48.14%     48.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1969      3.71%     51.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     500      0.94%     52.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   25048     47.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                53064                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1909718189500     97.31%     97.31% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              702775500      0.04%     97.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              343141500      0.02%     97.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            51843654000      2.64%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1962607760500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.968350                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.626153                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.770674                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  419      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1985      2.79%      3.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                62619     88.03%     91.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2146      3.02%     94.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     94.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3766      5.29%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.19%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 71137                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2053                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                465                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2874                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                889                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  465                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  424                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.433025                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.147530                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.329748                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       17552018500      0.89%      0.89% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1707542500      0.09%      0.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1943348197500     99.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1986                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           165381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.645767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3991235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           165893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.059092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     1050804836500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   485.645767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.948527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16867850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16867850                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2245744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2245744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1632527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1632527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        48591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48591                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        50409                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50409                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3878271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3878271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3878271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3878271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       117597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       117597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        62279                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        62279                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         8857                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8857                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         5813                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5813                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       179876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        179876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       179876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       179876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1425631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1425631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1255840500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1255840500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     80743500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     80743500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     49386500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     49386500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2681471500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2681471500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2681471500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2681471500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2363341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2363341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1694806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1694806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        57448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4058147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4058147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4058147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4058147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.154174                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154174                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.103394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12123.021846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12123.021846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20164.750558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20164.750558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9116.348651                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9116.348651                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8495.871323                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8495.871323                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14907.333385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.333385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14907.333385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.333385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       113645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           113645                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       117597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       117597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        62279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8857                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8857                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5813                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5813                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       179876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       179876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       179876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       179876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3303                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3303                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1308034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1308034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1193561500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193561500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     71886500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71886500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43573500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43573500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2501595500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2501595500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2501595500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2501595500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     19086500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     19086500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    723672500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    723672500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    742759000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    742759000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036747                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.154174                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154174                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103394                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103394                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11123.021846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11123.021846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19164.750558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19164.750558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8116.348651                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8116.348651                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7495.871323                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7495.871323                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13907.333385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13907.333385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13907.333385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13907.333385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214455.056180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214455.056180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 225162.570006                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225162.570006                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 224874.053890                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224874.053890                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           313887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          445.952187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           12790016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           314399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.680842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1961762459500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   445.952187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.871000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13418898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        13418898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     12790016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12790016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     12790016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        12790016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     12790016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       12790016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       314441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       314441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       314441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        314441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       314441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       314441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4125234500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4125234500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4125234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4125234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4125234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4125234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13104457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13104457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13104457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     13104457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13104457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     13104457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13119.264027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.264027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13119.264027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.264027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13119.264027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.264027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       314441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       314441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       314441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       314441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       314441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       314441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3810793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810793500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3810793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810793500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3810793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810793500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.023995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12119.264027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.264027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12119.264027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.264027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12119.264027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.264027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55595                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55595                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  125936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        55496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        81762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2743378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             13229000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           216079499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41694                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.567878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1756483227000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.567878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375534                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              174                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21744883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21744883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4908047616                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4908047616                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21744883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21744883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21744883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21744883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124970.591954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124970.591954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118118.204082                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118118.204082                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124970.591954                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124970.591954                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124970.591954                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124970.591954                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13044883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13044883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2830447616                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2830447616                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13044883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13044883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13044883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13044883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74970.591954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74970.591954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68118.204082                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68118.204082                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74970.591954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74970.591954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74970.591954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74970.591954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   341250                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65213.641245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3683713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   406253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.067534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               9107201000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   55129.108381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4852.505635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5029.950253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      158.753057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       43.323918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.841203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.074043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.076751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.002422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.995081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991867                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 35905885                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                35905885                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          793586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               793586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             535                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 708                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                67                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           126818                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            46992                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               173810                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        688011                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        313935                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1001946                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       665063                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       108615                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           773678                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              688011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              791881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              313935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              155607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1949434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             688011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             791881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             313935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             155607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1949434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2935                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1733                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          882                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          893                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1775                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         115542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           6588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122130                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        12999                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          505                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           13504                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       271618                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         271854                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            387160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                407488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           387160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               407488                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1432000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13109500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     14541500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1162500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       214000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1376500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8812996500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    538144500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9351141000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1038304000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40757500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1079061500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19659409500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18967000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19678376500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1038304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28472406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40757500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    557111500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     30108579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1038304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28472406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     40757500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    557111500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    30108579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       793586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           793586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5376                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          925                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          917                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1842                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       242360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        53580                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295940                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       701010                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       314440                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1015450                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       936681                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       108851                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1045532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          701010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1179041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          314440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          162431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2356922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         701010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1179041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         314440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         162431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2356922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944337                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764109                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.868304                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.953514                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.973828                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963626                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.122956                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.412685                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018543                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001606                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013299                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289979                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002168                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.260015                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.328369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.001606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.042012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.172890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.328369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.001606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.042012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.172890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   487.904600                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7564.627813                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3115.145673                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1318.027211                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   239.641657                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   775.492958                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76275.263541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81685.564663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76567.108818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79875.682745                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80707.920792                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79906.805391                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72378.890574                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80368.644068                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72385.826583                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79875.682745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73541.703688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80707.920792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81640.020516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73888.259286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79875.682745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73541.703688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 80707.920792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81640.020516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73888.259286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               78873                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    78873                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          324                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2935                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1733                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4668                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          882                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          893                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1775                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       115542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122130                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12999                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          494                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271618                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          236                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271854                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           407477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       387160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          407477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14043                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17939                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3303                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        21242                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60572500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     35873500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96446000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18219500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18324500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36544000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7657576500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    472264500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8129841000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    908314000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35012500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    943326500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16943229500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16607000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16959836500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    908314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24600806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    488871500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26033004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    908314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24600806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    488871500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26033004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1403353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     17974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1421327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2195335000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    686710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2882045000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3598688000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    704684000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4303372000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.944337                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764109                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868304                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.953514                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.973828                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963626                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.122956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.172885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20637.989779                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20700.230814                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20661.096829                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20657.029478                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20520.156775                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20588.169014                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66275.263541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71685.564663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66567.108818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69875.682745                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70875.506073                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69912.287853                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62378.890574                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70368.644068                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62385.826583                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69875.682745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63541.703688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70875.506073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71640.020516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63888.278357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 69875.682745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63541.703688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70875.506073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71640.020516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63888.278357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 197377.355837                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 201955.056180                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 197433.949160                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 202727.398652                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 213662.103298                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205230.007833                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 200606.945761                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 213346.654556                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 202587.891912                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            120393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            15996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          11145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            6943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            122456                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           121630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1189359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1231843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1356669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        81762                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31077568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31159330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33817570                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            21449                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            880387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  880387    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              880387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1321574195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2188968059                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           72063409                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7199                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2102214                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14043                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14043                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           913999                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1505100                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16204                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11212                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          27416                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297872                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297872                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1015472                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1079558                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1960114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3569990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       818944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       514014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6863062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     44864640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    119041472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     20124160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     17694178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              201724450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          480853                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          5227539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            3.081241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.273205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                4802849     91.88%     91.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                 424690      8.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            5227539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3202032998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           238500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1051547997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1814279465                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         471668486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         279553995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
