
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000260                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   260073500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  260073500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1077387                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1077364                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              425087977                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 303432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      659129                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        659129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            70134020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            40603906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             3445180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             3937348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            13288551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             5413854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst              246084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             3691264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               140760208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       70134020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        3445180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       13288551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst         246084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           87113835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           70134020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           40603906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            3445180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3937348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           13288551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            5413854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst             246084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            3691264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              140760208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          520147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     157434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       157434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               108448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        25842                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      108448                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             313502                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            110054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        73451                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      48627                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     24824                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              520146.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            26707                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                23434     14.88%     14.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    60527     38.43%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     53.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   48711     30.93%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  24824     15.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    157496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          145.650768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              72919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           436.640719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   145.650768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.284474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.284474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.322266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           294037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          294037                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        48447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        73037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        73037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4613500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4613500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6976500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6976500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       359000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        73390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        73390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27138.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27138.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38122.950820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38122.950820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13807.692308                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13807.692308                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32832.861190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32832.861190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32832.861190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32832.861190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4443500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4443500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6793500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6793500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       333000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       333000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26138.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26138.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37122.950820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37122.950820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12807.692308                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12807.692308                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31832.861190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31832.861190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31832.861190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31832.861190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          212.583222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             157030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           336.252677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   212.583222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.415202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.415202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.492188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           157964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          157964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       157030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         157030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       157030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          157030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       157030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         157030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18042500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18042500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18042500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18042500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18042500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18042500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       157497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       157497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       157497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       157497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       157497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       157497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38634.903640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38634.903640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38634.903640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38634.903640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 38634.903640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38634.903640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17575500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17575500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17575500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17575500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37634.903640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37634.903640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37634.903640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37634.903640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 37634.903640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37634.903640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                          520147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     165571                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       165571                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               111555                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        31016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      111555                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             284333                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            108565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        56707                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      41448                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     15259                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              67727.001740                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              452419.998260                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.869793                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.130207                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            32668                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                23452     14.16%     14.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    74986     45.28%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   51906     31.34%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  15259      9.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    165603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           26.035238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              32753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1129.413793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    26.035238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.050850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           227042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          227042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        41284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        15082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        56366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           56366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        56366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          56366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2068000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2068000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       251500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       251500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        41440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        15191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        56631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        56631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        56631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        56631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007175                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007175                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15275.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15275.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18972.477064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18972.477064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4572.727273                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4572.727273                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16796.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16796.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16796.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16796.226415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1959000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1959000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       196500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14275.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14275.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17972.477064                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17972.477064                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3572.727273                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3572.727273                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15796.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15796.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15796.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15796.226415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           65.699918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             165238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           451.469945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    65.699918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.128320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.128320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           165970                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          165970                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       165238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       165238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          165238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       165238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         165238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       165604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       165604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       165604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       165604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       165604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14621.584699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14621.584699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14621.584699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14621.584699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14621.584699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14621.584699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4985500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4985500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      4985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13621.584699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13621.584699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13621.584699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13621.584699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13621.584699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13621.584699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.numCycles                          520146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     160598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       160598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               111601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        28506                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      111601                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             294560                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            113655                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        59264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      41473                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     17791                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              67981.871041                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              452164.128959                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.869302                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.130698                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            30158                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                20943     13.04%     13.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                    75009     46.70%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   46887     29.19%     88.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  17791     11.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    160630                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           27.808310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              37821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1304.172414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    27.808310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.054313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.054313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           237265                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          237265                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        41314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        17614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             10                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        58928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           58928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        58928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          58928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2416500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2416500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2235500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2235500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       248000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       248000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        41465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        17724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           65                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        59189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        59189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        59189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        59189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16003.311258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16003.311258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20322.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20322.727273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4509.090909                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4509.090909                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17823.754789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17823.754789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17823.754789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17823.754789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2125500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2125500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       193000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      4391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006206                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006206                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15003.311258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15003.311258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19322.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19322.727273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3509.090909                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3509.090909                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16823.754789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16823.754789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16823.754789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16823.754789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           70.147178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             160265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           437.882514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    70.147178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.137006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.137006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           160997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          160997                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       160265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         160265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       160265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          160265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       160265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         160265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7437500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7437500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7437500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7437500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7437500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7437500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       160631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       160631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       160631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       160631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       160631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20321.038251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20321.038251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20321.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20321.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 20321.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20321.038251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7071500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7071500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7071500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7071500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7071500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7071500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19321.038251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19321.038251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 19321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19321.038251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.numCycles                          520146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     175526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       175526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               107877                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        37833                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      107877                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             242346                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes             89400                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        46213                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      39592                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                      6621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              68237.870548                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              451908.129452                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.868810                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.131190                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            39491                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                30262     17.24%     17.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    73148     41.67%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   65527     37.32%     96.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                   6621      3.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    175558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           26.732151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              15554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           518.466667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    26.732151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.052211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.052211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.058594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           185088                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          185088                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        39402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          39402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data         6435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          6435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           19                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             19                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        45837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           45837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        45837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          45837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           60                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           60                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1728500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1728500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       276500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       276500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4951500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4951500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4951500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4951500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        39584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data         6540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         6540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           79                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        46124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        46124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.759494                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.759494                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17708.791209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17708.791209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16461.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16461.904762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4608.333333                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4608.333333                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17252.613240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17252.613240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17252.613240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17252.613240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           60                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3041000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1623500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1623500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       216500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       216500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4664500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4664500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      4664500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4664500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.016055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.759494                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759494                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16708.791209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16708.791209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15461.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15461.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3608.333333                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3608.333333                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16252.613240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16252.613240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16252.613240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16252.613240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           67.821849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             175192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           477.362398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    67.821849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.132465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.132465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           175926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          175926                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       175192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         175192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       175192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          175192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       175192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         175192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5136500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5136500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5136500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5136500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5136500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5136500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       175559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       175559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       175559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       175559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       175559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       175559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13995.912807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13995.912807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13995.912807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13995.912807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13995.912807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13995.912807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4769500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4769500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4769500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4769500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      4769500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4769500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12995.912807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12995.912807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12995.912807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12995.912807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 12995.912807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12995.912807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  349.351676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                            4                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.890425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      231.950289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       54.237156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        6.367865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        0.832949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       47.203910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        6.135421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        0.888032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.845628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.003539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.005331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.006546                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    19677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   19677                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           182                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           352                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           302                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           358                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              1194                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                77                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           64                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             372                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             78                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               64                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5197500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       735000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       797000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       744000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7473500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14964000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       740000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3341500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       453500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     19499000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3465000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       105000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       104500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      4093500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8662500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3341500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       453500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       848500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        31066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8662500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3341500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       453500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       848500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       31066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          1566                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.974684                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.174863                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.024523                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.237548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.038251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.174863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.024523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.326711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.038251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.174863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.024523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.326711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53133.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53142.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52630.281690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52505.263158                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52210.937500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50388.888889                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52416.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        52375                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        52250                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52480.769231                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52505.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52210.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52869.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50388.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52476.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52505.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52210.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52869.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 50388.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52476.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1194000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       765000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       850000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       479492                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3288492                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4207500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       647000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       604000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6053500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12114000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       600000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2295500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15052000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2805000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        85000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       297500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        42500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3230000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2295500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       944500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24335500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2295500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       944500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       646500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24335500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974684                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        42500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43590.181818                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42707.688312                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43133.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43142.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42630.281690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42505.263158                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42509.259259                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42519.774011                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        42500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42505.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42509.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 42931.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        43100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42544.580420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42505.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 42857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 42509.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 42931.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        42500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        43100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42544.580420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              77                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              261                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     914    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              665648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2948008                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2225                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             496                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             274                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            274                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              429                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             429                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          659                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        29888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        10944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        23424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        23424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        23488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 116032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1037                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             3986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                   3986    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               3986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1998491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            700500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            503490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            549000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            419983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            553988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            412483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            554487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            467954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
